####################################################################################################
## JVCL.Main.dtx: Root group, Welcome page and various generic topics                             ##
####################################################################################################
@@JVCL
<TITLE JEDI-VCL>
  Welcome to the JEDI-VCL help system. JEDI-VCL is an OpenSource library containing many VCL 
  and CLX components and controls.
  
  Like any other good product, JEDI-VCL comes with a complete on-line help system. The help team has
  done its best to achieve the same look and feel as the Borland help files. Because the help is 
  written by many different people, small differences might be observed when browsing this help 
  system. 
  
  Also, not all members have English as their native tongue, so grammatical/spelling errors might be 
  left. Some members who have English as their native tongue are going to check all text as soon as 
  the help team is big enough and it wouldn't hurt too much if their time is spent correcting things 
  instead of writing things.
  
  The JEDI-VCL contains a lot of components, which might make it difficult for anyone to find the
  component to do a specific task. To aid you in the search, we divided the components into
  categories in this help file. When you open up the Contents page, you'll find a Functional
  Reference node under the main JEDI-VCL node. Within this node, you'll find various categories and
  sub-categories. For each category there's a topic available (with the same name as the category)
  that will show you a list of all components and controls that belong to this category or any of
  its sub categories.
  
  Because of the size of JEDI-VCL and the fact that writing help takes a lot of time, the help file
  is currently far from complete, the main reason being that too much work has to be done by just a
  few people. If you have interest and/or experience in writing help, feel free to contact us and
  help us out. Contact information can be found <LINK Team, here>.
  
  Because of the time it takes to build a new help file, especially if some help has been written
  for the current development state instead of the latest release, we have decided to no longer
  update frequently. Instead we will try to keep you updated on the progress of the help through
  posts on the jedi.jvcl news group.
  
  
  The JEDI-VCL help team.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@Donators
<GROUP JVCL>
<TOPICORDER -20>
Description
  JEDI-VCL would not exist without the donation of components and controls. Below is a list (in
  alphabetical order) of people who have been so generous:
  <INCLUDE JVCL.Donators.dtx>
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@Team
<GROUP JVCL>
<TOPICORDER -15>
Description
  The people working on JEDI-VCL changes from time to time, but the most current list of developers can 
  be seen on <EXTLINK https://github.com/project-jedi/jvcl/graphs/contributors>this page</EXTLINK>.

  The following people have special roles within JVCL or are administrators:

  <B>Olivier Sannier</B>

    * Overall coordinator (admin)
    * Responsible for sourceforge releases
    * Responsible for homepage
    * C++ Builder Support Coordinator
    * Author of the Package Generator
  
  <B>Andreas Hausladen</B>

    * Deputy Overall coordinator (admin)
    * VisualCLX Coordinator
    * Author of the JVCL Installer
  
  <B>Remko Bonte</B>

    * Help Coordinator

  <B>André Snepvangers</B>

    * VisualCLX Coordinator

  <B>Peter Thörnqvist</B>

    * Former Overall coordinator (admin)
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@Acknowledge
<GROUP JVCL>
<TOPICORDER -10>
Description
  JEDI-VCL would like to thank the following people and organizations for their support in various
  areas:
  <INCLUDE JVCL.Acknowledge.dtx>
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
