  * <LINK TJvCustomListBox.Alignment, Align> the strings in the list box.
  * Display a string on <LINK TJvCustomListBox.MultiLine, more than one row>.
  * Searching for items by <LINK TJvCustomListBox.SearchPrefix, prefix>,
    <LINK TJvCustomListBox.SearchSubString, sub-string> or by
    <LINK TJvCustomListBox.SearchExactString, exact match>, optionally case-sensitive.
  * Alter the selection in various ways.
  * Specify the <LINK TJvCustomListBox.MaxWidth, horizontally scrollable width> of the list box.
  * Respond when the user scrolls the list box 
  	<LINK TJvCustomListBox.OnHorizontalScroll, horizontally> or 
  	<LINK TJvCustomListBox.OnVerticalScroll, vertically>.
  * Display a <LINK TJvCustomListBox.Background, background image>.
  * <LINK TJvCustomListBox.Provider, \Provider-aware>.

* \Provider awareness *
  \Provider-awareness for this control is done in the same way as for other provider-aware controls:
  a <LINK TJvCustomListBox.Provider, Provider> property is added.

  When a provider is selected, the component behaves slightly different from the normal case:

  * If the \Style property is not set to an owner draw style, the list box is created as a
    variable height list box (i.e. only lbOwnerDrawFixed results in a fixed height list box).
  * If the \Style property is set to an owner draw style and the \OnMeasureItem or \OnDrawItem events
    are assigned, these events will execute in favor of the provider based measuring/rendering. In
    all other cases, the provider based measuring/rendering will be used.
