@@JVCL.HWG.Basics.HowEnums
<GROUP JVCL.HWG.Basics>
<TITLE Describing enumerations>
<TOPICORDER 400>

  * Enumerations are never added to the functional reference tree *
  Since the additional types used by the main component, class or routine, are generally not usable
  for an end user, they are not added to the functional reference tree. Doc-O-Matic will add the
  type to the Symbol Reference.
  
  * The title is suffixed with "type" *
  Just as Borland adds the <B>type</B> suffix to the type name itself, we do the same. Using the
  <B>\<TITLE></B> tag we can accomplish that:
<CODE>
\@@TJvDirOption
\<TITLE TJvDirOption type>
</CODE>
  <INCLUDE BasicDescribeSummary.dtx>
  * Represents the types of directory searches a TJvSearchFiles component can perform.
  * Indicates whether files or directories must have a specific file attribute set or unset for it
    to be included in the search result.
  <INCLUDE BasicDescribeDescription.dtx>
  * <I>type name</I> represents the types.......
  * The <I>type name</I> type is used to specify.......
  * The <I>type name</I> type is used to represent.......
  Immediately following the description text, the enumeration values follow (i.e. structural wise
  they are part of the same topic):
<CODE>
\@@TJvDirOption
\<TITLE TJvDirOption type>
\Summary
  Represents the types of directory searches a TJvSearchFiles component can perform.
\Description
  TJvDirOption represents the types of directory searches a TJvSearchFiles can perform. The following
  table gives the possible values:
\@@TJvDirOption.doExcludeSubDirs
  Only searches for files or directories in the directory specified by \<LINK TJvSearchFiles.RootDirectory,
  RootDirectory>.
\@@TJvDirOption.doIncludeSubDirs
  Searches in the directory specified by \<LINK TJvSearchFiles.RootDirectory,RootDirectory> and it's
  sub-directories.
\@@TJvDirOption.doExcludeInvalidDirs
  Searches in \<LINK TJvSearchFiles.RootDirectory,RootDirectory> and its sub-directories, but doesn't
  search for files or directories in invalid - as specified by \<LINK TJvSearchFiles.DirParams,
  DirParams> - directories. However, the component will search in sub-directories of invalid directories.
\@@TJvDirOption.doExcludeCompleteInvalidDirs
  Searches in \<LINK TJvSearchFiles.RootDirectory,RootDirectory> and its sub-directories, but doesn't
  search for files or directories in invalid - as specified by \<LINK TJvSearchFiles.DirParams,
  DirParams> - directories, and the sub-directories of an invalid directory.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</CODE>
