@@JVCL.HWG.Basics
<GROUP JVCL.HWG>
<TITLE Basics>
<TOPICORDER 100>
  In this chapter we explore the basics for help writing. It will focus mostly on the way things
  should be written as this seemed to be more difficult for most people than anticipated when the
  first guide was written.
  
  In general try to follow the Borland style of describing symbols (for examples, see the Delphi
  Help system; there are plenty of examples to choose from. Note that the Delphi help isn't entirely
  consistent in its style either, probably due to different people writing and also because older
  descriptions tend to stay unchanged even when the style for new help topics has changed).
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@JVCL.HWG.Basics.What
<GROUP JVCL.HWG.Basics>
<TITLE What to document>
<TOPICORDER 100>
  The first problem is usually what do we document and what do we skip? The list below should answer
  that question.

  * <LINK JVCL.HWG.Basics.HowUnit, Unit symbol> (always <B>@@<I>unitname</I>.pas</B>)
  * <LINK JVCL.HWG.Basics.HowClass, classes>/components/exceptions
  * <LINK JVCL.HWG.Basics.HowEnums, enumerations>
  * sets
  * records
  * simple types
  * functions and procedures
  * variables and constants
  
  For classes/components/exceptions you should document all symbols declared in <B>protected</B>,
  <B>public</B> or <B>published</B>. However, the following items maybe skipped:
  
  * protected symbols that are not redeclared public or published in a descendant (this is to save
    time; eventually these items should be documented as well to assist component writers that want
    to extend or derive from the class).
  * symbols inherited from the VCL (such as OnMouseEnter, OnClick, etc) unless there are significant
    changes and/or additions to the description of the symbol.
  * symbols inherited from a JEDI-VCL class if that symbol was not already documented or if there are
    significant changes and/or additions to the description of the symbol.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
