##Package: AppFrm
##Status: Completed,Checked
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@JvAnimTitle.pas
Summary
  Contains the TJvAnimTitle component.
<INCLUDE JVCL.UnitText.dtx>
Author
  Sébastien Buysse

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvAnimTitle
JVCLInfo
  GROUP=JVCL.??
  FLAG=Component
Summary
  Caption animation component.
Description
  TJvAnimTitle is a component to provide an animated form caption. The component handles two things:

  * Animate the caption (the caption appears character by character and then disappears).
  * Allow the caption to blink <I>x</I> time after the caption has appeared.

  To use this component you should:

  * Construct a TJvAnimTitle instance at run-time.
  * Set the Title to the title to display (by default set to the forms Caption. Changes to the forms
    Caption are not mirrored in this property).
  * Set the <LINK TJvAnimTitle.Delay, delay> between two animation steps.
  * Optionally set Blink to the number of blinks after the title is fully displayed or leave it at 0 if
    you don't want the caption to blink.
  * Activate the component by setting property Enabled to true.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvAnimTitle.Blink
Summary
  Number of times the title is blinked.
Description
  Blink indicates the number of times the caption is blinked. Each time the caption is completely
  visible, it will blink the number of times indicated by this property. If you don't want the caption
  to blink at all, set this property to 0.
See Also
  Delay

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvAnimTitle.Delay
Summary
  The delay in milliseconds between two steps of animation.
Description
  Delay indicates the time in milliseconds to wait between two steps of animation. This value
  determines the speed at which the caption is to appear/disappear, as well as the rate of blinking.
See Also
  TJvAnimTitle.Blink, TJvAnimTitle.Enabled

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvAnimTitle.Enabled
Summary
  Indicates whether the component is active.
Description
  Enabled indicates if the component is active. When set to True, the animation is executed, otherwise
  the form caption will not change.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvAnimTitle.Title
Summary
  The form caption to animate.
Description
  Title holds the caption text to animate. The property is initialized to the form's Caption, but can
  be changed to anything.

