##Package: AppFrm
##Status: Completed,Checked
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@JvAppAnimatedIcon.pas
Summary
  Contains the TJvAppAnimatedIcon component.
<INCLUDE JVCL.UnitText.dtx>
Author
  Sébastien Buysse

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvAppAnimatedIcon
<TITLEIMG TJvAppAnimatedIcon>
JVCLInfo
  GROUP=JVCL.FormsAndApp.Forms.DecoratingAndEffects,JVCL.Graphics.Animations
  FLAG=Component
Summary
  Animates the application's icon.
Description
  The TJvAppAnimatedIcon component allows you to make an animated application icon. The component will
  change the applications icon every interval by cycling a list of icons.

  To create an application with an animated icon you should execute the following tasks:

  * Drop a TJvAppAnimatedIcon component on a form or data module.
  * Set the <LINK TJvAppAnimatedIcon.Delay, animation interval> to an appropiate value.
  * <LINK TJvAppAnimatedIcon.Icons, Link the component to an image list> containing the icons to use
    for animation.
  * Activate the component by setting property Active to true.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvAppAnimatedIcon.Active
Summary
  Indicates whether the application icon is animated.
Description
  Active indicates whether or not the component is active and the application icon is animated. When
  set to True, the application icon will change at the specified interval, otherwise the application
  icon will not change.
See Also
  TJvAppAnimatedIcon.Icons, Delay

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvAppAnimatedIcon.Delay
Summary
  The interval between two icon changes.
Description
  Delay is the delay in milliseconds before the application icon changes.
See Also
  TJvAppAnimatedIcon.Active, TJvAppAnimatedIcon.Icons

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvAppAnimatedIcon.Icons
Summary
  The list of icons used for animation.
Description
  Icons is an image list, containing the icons to use in the animation.

