##Package: AppFrm
##Status: Completed,Checked (peter3)
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@JvAppHotKey.pas
Summary
  Contains the TJvApplicationHotKey component.
<INCLUDE JVCL.UnitText.dtx>
Author
  Peter Thörnqvist
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvApplicationHotKey
<TITLEIMG TJvApplicationHotKey>
JVCLInfo
  GROUP=JVCL.FormsAndApp.Application.HotKeys
  FLAG=Component
Summary
  Registers a system wide hot key combination.
Description
  The TJvApplicationHotKey components allows you to register a system wide hot key combination. When
  the key combination is pressed an event is generated.

  To use this component you should:

  * Drop a TJvApplicationHotKey component on a form or data module.
  * Assign a <B>unique</B> <LINK TJvApplicationHotKey.HotKey, hot key combination> to the component.
  * <LINK TJvApplicationHotKey.OnHotKey, Assign a handler> to the notification event.
  * You may assign a handler to OnHotKeyRegisterFailed to respond when the registration of the hot
     key combination failed.
  * Activate the component by setting property Active to true.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvApplicationHotKey.Active
Summary
  Indicates the active state of the component.
Description
  Active indicates whether or not the hot key combination is registered and active. When set to True,
  the event will be generated for the key combination, otherwise the key combination is not
  registered and no event will be generated for the key combination.
See Also
  TJvApplicationHotKey.HotKey, TJvApplicationHotKey.OnHotKey

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvApplicationHotKey.DoHotKey
Summary
  Generates the OnHotKey event.
Description
  DoHotKey is called when the registered key combination is pressed. DoHotKey will generate the
  OnHotKey event if a handler is assigned.
See Also
  TJvApplicationHotKey.OnHotKey

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvApplicationHotKey.HotKey
Summary
  The hot key combination to register.
Description
  HotKey is the hot key combination to register. The hot key can be changed even if the component is
  activated. The old key combination will be unregistered and the new combination registered.
See Also
  TJvApplicationHotKey.Active, TJvApplicationHotKey.OnHotKey

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvApplicationHotKey.OnHotKey
Summary
  Event triggered when the key combination is pressed.
Description
  \Write an OnHotKey handler to take action when the HotKey key combination is pressed.
See Also
  TJvApplicationHotKey.Active, TJvApplicationHotKey.HotKey

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvApplicationHotKey.OnHotKeyRegisterFailed
<COMBINEWITH TJvHotKeyRegisterFailed>
Summary
  Occurs when the registration of a hot key combination failed.
Description
  \Write an OnHotKeyRegisterFailed event handler to respond when the registration of a hot key
  combination failed. The registration fails if the keystrokes specified for the hot key have already
  been registered by another application.

  Change the \HotKey parameter to a new combination to try to register this new combination. By not
  changing \HotKey you cancel the registration attempt for this hot key.
Parameters
  Sender - The object that triggered the event.
  HotKey - Specifies a new hot key combination.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvHotKeyRegisterFailed
<TITLE TJvHotKeyRegisterFailed type>

