##Package: StdCtrls
##Status: Completed (I)
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@JvBevel.pas
Summary
  Contains the TJvBevel control.
<INCLUDE JVCL.UnitText.dtx>
Author
  Sébastien Buysse

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvBevel
<TITLEIMG TJvBevel>
JVCLInfo
  GROUP=JVCL.PanelsBevelsAndGroups.Bevels
  FLAG=Component
Summary
  Bevel control with additional events and properties.
Description
  TJvBevel is a visual component that creates beveled boxes, frames, or lines. The bevel can appear
  raised or lowered. In additions to all the properties of TBevel the HintColor can be changed and
  various events can be monitored.

  In addition to the usual events associated with the TControl descendants, OnMouseEnter and
  OnMouseLeave have been created. Their default action change and restore the HintColor.

  To use TJvBevel:

  * Drop the component on any control that accepts child controls.
  * Set the Top, Left, Width and Height of the component with the mouse or through the Object
    Inspector.
  * Modify the Shapes, Style properties as you would do with TBevel.
  * \Create events if required.
  * Select HintColor if required.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvBevel.HintColor
Summary
  Color of the hint when the mouse hovers over the control.
Description
  TJvBevel provides the mechanism of having another color when the mouse pointer hovers over the
  control. The default is the Windows HintColor default (Delphi Color: clInfoBk)
See Also
  OnMouseEnter, OnMouseLeave

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvBevel.OnParentColorChange
Summary
  Occurs when the color property for the parent of the label changes.
Description
  \Write an OnParentColorChange event handler to take specific actions when the ParentColor property
  changes.

