##Package: StdCtrls
##Status: Completed,Checked
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@JvBitBtn.pas
Summary
  Contains all code for TJvBitBtn.
<INCLUDE JVCL.UnitText.dtx>
Author
  Sébastien Buysse

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvBitBtn
<TITLEIMG TJvBitBtn>
JVCLInfo
  GROUP=JVCL.Buttons.Push
  FLAG=Component
Summary
  An extended version of the TBitBtn control.
Description
  TJvBitBtn extends the standard TBitBtn with hot tracking, a colored hint, the possibility to attach a
  drop down menu and OnMouseEnter, OnMouseLeave and OnParentColorChange events.

  To use a JvBitBtn button

  * drop a TJvBitBtn on a form.
  * Set HotTrack to true to provide visual feedback when the mouse is over the button. Use HotTrackFont
    and HotGlyph to alter the appearance of the button when it is under the mouse.
  * Use HintColor to change the color of the hint box for the button
  * Use DropDownMenu to attach a popup menu as drop down menu to the button.
  * Write code for the OnMouseEnter, OnMouseLeave or OnParentColorChange event if any special
    processing is needed on any of these events.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvBitBtn.Canvas
Summary
  Canvas of the button.
Description
  Canvas is a reference to the canvas of the button. You can use this canvas to add items to the
  buttons image.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvBitBtn.DropDownMenu
Summary
  Identifies a pop-up menu associated with the button.
Description
  Assign a value to DropDownMenu to make a menu appear when the button is pressed (To display the menu
  programmatically, call the button’s Click method). If the menu’s AutoPopup property is set to true,
  the menu appears automatically. If AutoPopup is false, display the menu by calling the menu’s Popup
  method in the button’s OnClick event handler.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvBitBtn.HintColor
Summary
  Determines the color of the Help Hint boxes of the button.
Description
  Use HintColor to specify the hint box color. Default this color has the value clInfoBk. To change the
  HintColor assign it a new TColor value.
See Also
  TJvBitBtn.HotTrack

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvBitBtn.HotGlyph
Summary
  Specifies the bitmap that appears on the button when the mouse points to it.
Description
  Set HotGlyph to a bitmap object that contains the image that should appear on the face of the button
  when the mouse passes over it at runtime. If HotGlyph is unassigned, the button retains its regular
  image (specified by the Glyph property) when the mouse passes over the button.
See Also
  TJvBitBtn.HotTrack, TJvBitBtn.HotTrackFont

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvBitBtn.HotTrack
Summary
  Specifies whether the button is highlighted when the mouse passes over it.
Description
  Set HotTrack to true to provide visual feedback when the button is under the mouse. When HotTrack is
  false, there is no visual feedback when the mouse passes over the button.
See Also
  OnMouseEnter, OnMouseLeave

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvBitBtn.HotTrackFont
Summary
  Specifies the font used when the mouse passes over the button, and HotTrack is true.
Description
  When the mouse passes over the button and HotTrack is set to true, HotTrackFont is used as the font
  for the button text. To change the font, change the value of the Charset, Color, Height, Name, Pitch,
  Size, and/or Style of the HotTrackFont property.
See Also
  TJvBitBtn.HotGlyph, TJvBitBtn.HotTrack, TJvBitBtn.HotTrackFontOptions

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvBitBtn.HotTrackFontOptions
Summary
  Specifies how changes to the Font affects HotTrackFont.
Description
  HotTrackFontOptions defines a set of options that controls how changes to the Font property affects
  the HotTrackFont object. For example, when HotTrackFontOptions includes hoPreserveColor, all property
  changes in Font are copied to HotTrackFont except Color changes.

  Note that hoFollowFont must be included for any properties to be copied at all.

  To implement the HotTrackFontOptions property in a new control, you should perform the following
  steps:

  * Add JvTypes and JvJVCLUtils to the uses clause of the control's unit.
  * Add a HotTrackFontOptions property of type TJvTrackFontOptions to the control. Set its default
    value to be DefaultTrackFontOptions (defined in JvTypes).
  * Set the default value in the constructor.
  * Add a handler for the CM_FONTCHANGED message. Add a call to UpdateTrackFont (defined in
    JvJVCLUtils) after calling inherited.
  * Add a call to UpdateTrackFont in SetHotTrackFontOptions
See Also
  TJvBitBtn.HotTrack, TJvBitBtn.HotTrackFont

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvBitBtn.OnParentColorChange
Summary
  Occurs when the color property for the parent of the button changes.
Description
  \Write an OnParentColorChange event to take specific action when the ParentColor property changes.

