@@JvBMPListBox.pas
Summary
  Contains JvBMPListBox and TBackgroundFillmode .
<INCLUDE JVCL.UnitText.dtx>
Author
  Peter Below
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TBackgroundFillmode
Summary
  Specifies how background is filled.
Description
  TBackgroundFillmode is used in the property BackgroundFillmode of the TJvBMPListBox.
@@TBackgroundFillmode.bfmTile
  The bitmap is drawn without changing its size, but the whole canvas will
  be filled with it. So it may be drawn several times next to each other.
  Use this setting if you use a texture bitmap, for example.
@@TBackgroundFillmode.bfmStretch
  This mode stretches the bitmap to the size of the canvas, which means that
  the bitmap will only be drawn once on the background.
See Also
  TJvBMPListBox.Background, TJvBMPListBox.BackgroundFillmode
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvBMPListBox
<TITLEIMG TJvBMPListBox>
JVCLInfo
  GROUP=JVCL.ListsAndTrees.Lists
  FLAG=Component
Summary
  Listbox with background image or texture.
Description
  This listbox is derived from TJvCustomListbox and offers the same methods
  and events. In addition, you may use the Background property to draw a bitmap or
  texture onto the background canvas.
  Resizing and appearance of the bitmap can be specified with the property
  BackgroundFillmode.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvBMPListBox.AboutJVCL
<INCLUDE JVCL.Main.AboutJVCL.dtx>
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvBMPListBox.Background
Summary
  Contains a bitmap, which is drawn into the background of the listbox.
Description
  Assign a TBitmap to be drawn into the background. Specify BackgroundFillmode
  to change the appearance of the background.
See Also
  BackgroundFillmode
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvBMPListBox.BackgroundFillmode
Summary
  Specifies how the bitmap, which is stored in Background, is drawn into the
  background.
Description
  Assign one of the values of TBackgroundFillmode to change the appearance of
  the background.
See Also
  Background
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
