##Package: Crypt
##Status: Completed (I)
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@JvCaesarCipher.pas
Summary
  Contains all code for TJvCaesarCipher.
<INCLUDE JVCL.UnitText.dtx>
Author
  Sébastien Buysse
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvCaesarCipher
<TITLEIMG TJvCaesarCipher>
JVCLInfo
  GROUP=JVCL.System.Encryption
  FLAG=Component
Summary
  Enables you to (de)cipher strings.
Description
  TJvCaesarCipher is a component to (de)cipher strings or series of bytes using
  "Ceasar Cipher", one of the simplest forms of substitution cipher. The method
  is named after Julius Ceasar who - as is said - used this method to communicate
  with his army. The ciphering is usually done by substituting each letter in a
  message by a letter that is on a fixed distance in the alfabet. TJvCaesarCipher
  uses the whole characterset (256 characters) for ciphering strings or series of bytes.
  This makes it possible to cipher any series of bytes (not necessarily readable strings).
  When used with strings it may result in strings that do not even look like strings
  anymore.

  Caesar Cipher is not a very save method to cipher text. When used with strings it is
  easy to crack.

  The component accepts a \string, a list of strings (a TString object) or a stream for
  (de)ciphering.

  To use a TJvCaesarCipher component you should:
  * drop a TJvCaesarCipher on a form.
  * Set the property N to a value between 0 and 255, indicating the number of
    characters the characterset should be shifted. When used with strings a high value of N may 
    lead to a strings that are difficult to recognize as \string.
  * Assign a \string to the property Decoded and get the ciphered \string by reading
    the property Encoded, or assign a ciphered \string to the property Encoded and
    get the deciphered \string by reading the property Decoded.
  * Use the methods <LINK TJvCaesarCipher.Decode,Decode> and <LINK TJvCaesarCipher.Encode,Encode>
    to (de)cipher TString objects.
  * Use the methods <LINK TJvCaesarCipher.DecodeStream,DecodeStream> and 
    <LINK TJvCaesarCipher.EncodeStream,EncodeStream> to (de)cipher TStream objects.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvCaesarCipher.Decode
Summary
  A method to cipher all strings in a TString object.
Description
  Use Decode to cipher the strings in a TString object. After the method is called
  the strings will be ciphered.
Parameters
  It - a TStrings object from which all strings will be ciphered.
See Also
  <LINK Encode>
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvCaesarCipher.Decoded
Summary
  A property that specifies a deciphered \string.
Description
  Assign a \string you want to cipher to this property and read the ciphered \string from
  the property Encoded.
See Also
  Encoded
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvCaesarCipher.DecodeStream
Summary
  A method to cipher all bytes in a TStream object.
Description
  Use DecodeStream to cipher all bytes in a TStream object. After the method is called
  the stream will be ciphered.
Parameters
  Value - a TStream object which will be ciphered.
See Also
  <LINK EncodeStream>
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvCaesarCipher.Encode
Summary
  A method to decipher all strings in a TString object.
Description
  Use Encode to decipher the strings in a TString object. After the method is called
  the strings will be deciphered.
Parameters
  It - a TStrings object from which all strings will be deciphered.
See also
  <LINK Decode>
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvCaesarCipher.Encoded
Summary
  A property that specifies a ciphered \string.
Description
  Assign a ciphered \string to this property and read the decipherd \string from
  the property Decoded.
See also
  Decoded
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvCaesarCipher.EncodeStream
Summary
  A method to decipher all bytes in a TStream object.
Description
  Use EncodeStream to decipher all bytes in a TStream object. After the method is called
  the stream will be deciphered.
Parameters
  Value - a TStream object which will be deciphered.
See also
  <LINK DecodeStream>
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvCaesarCipher.N
Summary
  The encrypting key for Ceasar Cipher, being the number of characters that a character or byte 
  will be shifted for (de)ciphering.
Description
  Assign a value to N to indicate how many characters the component should shift
  each character or byte for (de)ciphering. N=0 results in no ciphering, N=1 will
  change an A into a B, a C into a D etcetera. N=3 will change a B into a \E, a K into
  a N etcetera.

  TJvCaesarCipher uses the whole characterset (256 characters) for shifting. When used with
  strings a high value of N may result in strings that are difficult to recognize as a \string.
