## Completed by: Christian Alis on 2003-04-28
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@JvCoupler.pas
<GROUP JVCL.FileRef>
Summary
  Contains the TJvCoupler component.
<INCLUDE JVCL.UnitText.dtx>
Author
  Peter Below
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvCoupler
<TITLEIMG TJvCoupler>
JVCLInfo
  GROUP=JVCL.LabelsAndStatic
  FLAG=Component
Summary
  Joins a label control and a windowed control
Description
  TJvCoupler is a non-visual component that allows a label control to position together with a windowed 
  control. Moving the windowed control will also position the label, but the opposite is not true.  
  The spacing and alignment of the label with respect to the windowed control can also be assigned. 
  The FocusControl property of the label will be automatically set to the windowed control.

  To use this component the following tasks should be executed:

  * Add a label component and a windowed control e.g. edit boxes and combo boxes to the form.
  * Add a TJvCoupler component to the form.
  * Set the DisplayLabel property to the name of the label component.
  * Set the FocusControl property to the name of the windowed control.
  * Optionally modify the spacing and position properties.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvCoupler.AlignLabel
Summary
  Aligns the label to the windowed control
Description
  AlignLabel is a protected method that aligns the <LINK TJvCoupler.DisplayLabel, label> to the
  <LINK TJvCoupler.FocusControl, windowed control> based on the values
  of the Position and Spacing properties.
See Also
  DisplayLabel, FocusControl, Position, Spacing
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvCoupler.DisplayLabel
Summary
  Specifies the label control
Description
  DisplayLabel is the name of the label control to be coupled with a
  <LINK TJvCoupler.FocusControl, windowed control>
See Also
  FocusControl
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvCoupler.FocusControl
Summary
  Specifies the windoed control
Description
  FocusControl is the name of the windowed control to be coupled with a
  <LINK, JvCoupler.DisplayLabel, label>. The label's FocusControl property will be set to the value
  of this property.
See Also
  DisplayLabel
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvCoupler.Position
Summary
  Specifies the position of the label relative to the windowed control.
Description
  The value of Position is the relative position of the <LINK TJvCoupler.DisplayLabel, label> from the 
  <LINK TJvCoupler.FocusControl, windowed control>.  Changing the value of this property
  will adjust the label accordingly, leaving the windowed control in the same location.  This property
  is of type TAnchorKind and it can have one of the following values:
<TABLE>
  Value	        Meaning
  ------        -------
  akTop	        The label is above the windowed control.   
  akLeft        The label is at the left of the windowed control. 
  akRight	      The label is at the right of the windowed control. 
  akBottom	    The label is below the windowed control. 
</TABLE>
See Also
  Spacing
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvCoupler.Spacing
Summary
  Controls the distance between the <LINK TJvCoupler.DisplayLabel, label> and the 
  <LINK TJvCoupler.FocusControl, windowed control>
Description
  Spacing is the distance of the <LINK TJvCoupler.DisplayLabel, label> from the 
  <LINK TJvCoupler.FocusControl, windowed control> in pixels.  Changing the value of this property
  will adjust the label accordingly, leaving the windowed control in the same location
See Also
  Position
