  * <LINK TJvCustomComboBox.AutoComplete, Automatic completion> of entered text (only for Delphi 5,
    Delphi 6 and above already provides this feature).
  * Making the control <LINK TJvCustomComboBox.ReadOnly, read-only>.
  * Searching for items by <LINK TJvCustomComboBox.SearchPrefix, prefix>,
    <LINK TJvCustomComboBox.SearchSubString, sub-string> or by
    <LINK TJvCustomComboBox.SearchExactString, exact match>, optionally case-sensitive.
  * <LINK TJvCustomComboBox.MeasureStyle, Delayed OnMeasureItem calling> (see below).
  * <LINK TJvCustomComboBox.HintColor, Hint color> can be specified.
  * Additional events added to react to mouse
    <LINK TJvCustomComboBox.OnMouseEnter, enter>/<LINK TJvCustomComboBox.OnMouseLeave, leave>,
    <LINK TJvCustomComboBox.OnParentColorChange, parent color changes> or
    <LINK TJvCustomComboBox.OnCtl3DChanged, Ctl3D changes>.
  * <LINK TJvCustomComboBox.Provider, \Provider-aware>.

* Item measuring *
  The way TComboBox handles item measuring for owner-draw combo boxes is nearly useless: the
  OnMeasureItem event is called <B>before</B> the Canvas of the combo box can be used. As a result
  you can not really measure an item based on the Font of the control.

  TJvComboBox publishes a new property <LINK TJvCustomComboBox.MeasureStyle, MeasureStyle> that can
  be used to specify the timing of the event. Using this event you can choose if the OnMeasureItem
  should be triggered as usual (cmsStandard), after the control is created (cmsAfterCreate) or
  before each item is rendered (cmsBeforeDraw).

* \Provider awareness *
  \Provider-awareness for this control is done in the same way as for other provider-aware controls:
  a <LINK TJvCustomComboBox.Provider, Provider> property is added.

  When a provider is selected, the component behaves slightly different from the normal case:

  * Item measuring will never occur before the Canvas is usable (i.e. \MeasureStyle set to
    \cmsStandard behaves the same as \cmsAfterCreate).
  * If the \Style property is not set to an owner draw style, the combo box is created as a
    variable height combo box (i.e. only csOwnerDrawFixed results in a fixed height combo box).
  * If the \Style property is set to an owner draw style and the \OnMeasureItem or \OnDrawItem events
    are assigned, these events will execute in favor of the provider based measuring/rendering. In
    all other cases, the provider based measuring/rendering will be used.
