@@JvDataEmbedded.pas
<GROUP $JVCL.FileRef>
Summary
  Contains all code for the class TJvDataEmbedded.
<INCLUDE JVCL.UnitText.dtx>
Author
  Sébastien Buysse
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvDataEmbedded
##JVCL:Component
<TITLEIMG TJvDataEmbedded>
<GROUP $JVCL.FormsAndApp.Application>
Summary
  Use this component to embedd external data in your application.
Description
  Use this component to embedd external data in your application. The component provides a property
  editor that lets you select a file to be saved with the application. It provides further methods
  for saving the contents to a file or a stream at runtime. Use the size property to read the size
  of the embedded data.

  To use this component:

  * Embedd some data by using the property editor of the data property.
  * Use the SaveToFile method to save the embedded data to a file at runtime.
  * Use the SaveToStream method to save the embedded data to a stream at runtime.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvDataEmbedded.Data
Summary
  Contains the embedded data.
Description
  This property of type TStream contains the embedded data.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvDataEmbedded.SaveToFile
Summary
  Saves the embedded data to a file.
Description
  Use this method to save the embedded data to a specified file.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvDataEmbedded.SaveToStream
Summary
  Saves the embedded data to a stream.
Description
  Use this method to save the embedded data to a stream.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvDataEmbedded.Size
Summary
  Indicates the size of the embedded data, in bytes.
Description
  Read Size to determine how many bytes are used to store the embedded data. Set Size to change the 
  amount of bytes used to store the embedded data, before filling it with data.
