##Package: DB
##Status: Generated
------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@JvDBHTLabel.pas
Summary
  Contains the TJvDBHTLabel component.

Author
  Maciej Kaczkowski

Description
  <INCLUDE JVCL.UnitText.dtx>

------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvDBHTLabel
<TITLE TJvDBHTLabel component>
<TITLEIMG TJvDBHTLabel>
JVCLInfo
  GROUP=JVCL.DBAware.LabelsAndStatic,JVCL.LabelsAndStatic
  FLAG=Component

Summary
  Implements an HTML-enabled data-aware label control.

Description
  TJvDBHTLabel is a TJvCustomHTLabel descendant that implements an
  HTML-enabled data-aware label control.

  TJvDBHTLabel contains the DataSource property which provides access
  to both the dataset and field names available for use in the
  data-aware control. Unlike most data-aware controls, TJvDBHTLabel
  does not require a FieldName for accessing values in a dataset; use
  the Mask property to specify the HTML used when updating the Caption
  for the control.

  See TJvCustomHTLabel or TJvHTLabel for a description of the HTML
  tyags supported in the HTML-enabled control.

See Also
  TJvCustomHTLabel,
  TJvHTLabel,
  TJvDBHTLabel.DataSource,
  TJvDBHTLabel.Mask,
  TJvDBHTLabel.UpdateCaption
------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvDBHTLabel.Mask
<TITLE TJvDBHTLabel.Mask property>

Summary
  Defines field values used in the caption for the data-aware control.

Description
  Mask is a String property that defines the field values in the
  DataSource dataset used in the caption for the data-aware control.
  Values defined in the Mask property are used when the data is changed
  for the underlying dataset or when the Mask property is changed and
  UpdateCaption is called.

  Mask uses pseudo-HTML tagging to define the field values to merge
  into the Caption for the data-aware control.  For instance, the
  following code uses the CustomerNo and CustomerName fields from the
  Datasource dataset:

  <code>
    ADBHTLabel.Mask :=
      'Customer number <B><FIELD="CustomerNo"></B> is
      <U><FIELD="CustomerName"></U>.';
  </code>

  The following is the value for the Caption property for the control
  (sans rendered HTML bold and underline attributes):

  <code>
   Customer number 1234 is Harley's Motorcycle Emporium.
  </code>

  Use DataSource to specify the dataset containing field values for use
  in the data-aware control.

See Also
  DataSource, UpdateCaption
------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvDBHTLabel.DataSource
<TITLE TJvDBHTLabel.DataSource property>

Summary
  Specifies the source of data for field names and values in the
  data-aware control.

Description
  DataSource is a TDataSource property that specifies the source of
  data for field names and values used in the data-aware control.
  DataSource provides access to an associated Dataset to retrieve the
  field names and values required for the control.

  Use Mask to specify the field names to merge into the caption for the
  control.

  Changing the object reference assigned to the DataSource property
  forces the Caption for control to be updated by calling
  UpdateCaption.

See Also
  Mask, UpdateCaption
------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvDBHTLabel.UpdateCaption
<TITLE TJvDBHTLabel.UpdateCaption property>

Summary
  Derives the caption for the data-aware HTM-enabled control.

Description
  UpdateCaption is a procedure used to derive the Caption for the
  data-aware HTM-enabled control. UpdateCaption uses the Mask property
  to determine the field names and resulting values from DataSource to
  merge in to the Caption.

  Please note that UpdateCaption requires an associated Dataset in the
  DataSource property or only the field name(s) is/are merged into the
  Caption for the control.

  Use Mask to define one or more field names to use in the Caption for
  the control.

See Also
  Mask, DataSource
------------------------------------------------------------------------
