----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@JvDragDrop.pas
<GROUP JVCL.FileRef>
Summary
  Contains the TJvDragDrop component.
<INCLUDE JVCL.UnitText.dtx>
Author
  Sébastien Buysse
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvDragDrop
<TITLEIMG TJvDragDrop>
JVCLInfo
  GROUP=JVCL.System, JVCL.FormsAndApp.Forms
  FLAG=Component
Summary
  Enables a form to accepts dropped files.
Description
  Use TJvDragDrop to enable a form to accept dropped files.
  
  To use a TJvDragDrop, do the following:
  
  * Drop a TJvDragDrop component on a form.
  * Set property AcceptDrag to True; this means that now the form (where on the TJvDragDrop component 
    was dropped) accepts dropped files.
  * Write an OnDrop event handler, that will respond when the user drops files on the form.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvDragDrop.AcceptDrag
Summary
  Indicates whether the form accepts dropped files.
Description
  Set AcceptDrag to True to accept dropped files or set it to False to discontinue accepting dropped files.
See Also
  OnDrop
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvDragDrop.Files
Summary
  Lists the file names of the files the user dropped the last time on the form.
Description
  Read Files to retrieve the file names of the files the user dropped the last time on the form.
See Also
  OnDrop
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvDragDrop.OnDrop
Summary
  Occurs when the user drops a file on the form.
Description
  Write an OnDrop event handler to respond when the user drops files on the form (the form that is
  the owner of the TJvDragDrop component).
  
  Parameter Pos indicates the coordinates of the mouse pointer at the time the file was dropped. 
  Parameter Files lists the file names of the files that are dropped.
See Also
  AcceptDrag
