##Package: Cmp
##Status: Completed (III) (peter3)
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@JvEnterTab.pas
Summary
    Contains the TJvEnterTab component.
Author
  Peter Thörnqvist
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

@@TJvEnterAsTab.OnHandleEnter
Summary
  Write here a summary (1 line)
Description
  Write here a description
Parameters
  Sender   - Description for this parameter
  AControl - Description for this parameter
  Handled  - Description for this parameter
See Also
  List here other properties, methods (comma seperated)
  Remove the 'See Also' section if there are no references

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvEnterAsTab.EnterAsTab
Summary
  Specifies if Enter keys are redirected to Tab keys.
Description
  Set EnterAsTab to true to active the key redirection.
See Also
  TJvEnterAsTab.AllowDefault

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvEnterAsTab.AllowDefault
Summary
  Specifies if the component should consider button controls.
Description
  Use AllowDefault to specify if button controls should process the Enter key themselves. For
  example, when this property is true and the currently active control on the form is a button, the
  button will be clicked when the user presses Enter. If this property is set to false, focus is
  moved to the next control instead.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvEnterAsTab
<TITLEIMG TJvEnterAsTab>
#JVCLInfo
<GROUP JVCL.Miscel>
<FLAG Component>
Summary
  A component to redirect all Enter keys to Tab keys.
Description
  Use a TJvEnterAsTab component when you need to redirect Enter keys to Tab keys.
  
  Many DOS programs use Enter to move between the entry fields in the "form". Windows programs use the
  Tab character instead but many users still prefer using the Enter key. Especially when working with
  the numeric keypad, using Enter as Tab speeds up data entry manifold.
  Note
  TJvEnterAsTab is actually a visual component (derived from TGraphicControl) but it behaves as a
  TComponent both at design as well as runtime. The reason for this is that by inheriting from a
  visual control, there is no need to create a hidden window to receive the key presses since this
  functionality is already built into visual controls.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvEnterAsTabEvent
<TITLE TJvEnterAsTabEvent type> <COMBINE TJvEnterAsTab.OnHandleEnter>

