##Package: Core
##Status: Completed,Checked
##Skip: TJvExPubCheckListBox
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@JvExCheckLst.pas
Summary
  Contains base components that extend the components from Delphi's CheckLst.pas with generic
  properties and CLX code.
<INCLUDE JVCL.UnitText.dtx>
Author
  Andreas Hausladen
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvExCheckListBox
Summary
  Base class for extended check list boxes.
Description
  TJvExCheckListBox is a base class for classes in the JVCL library that descend from TCheckListBox.

  Do not create instances of TJvExCheckListBox. The TJvCheckListBox class provides a generic implementation
  of TJvExCheckListBox. You can also create your own descendant class.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvExCheckListBox.AboutJVCL
  <INCLUDE JVCL.Main.AboutJVCL.dtx>
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvExCheckListBox.OnMouseEnter
Summary
  Occurs when the mouse pointer moves over the list box.
Description
  Write an OnMouseEnter event handler to take specific action when the user moves the mouse over the
  list box.
See Also
  OnMouseLeave
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvExCheckListBox.OnMouseLeave
Summary
  Occurs when the mouse pointer moves off the list box.
Description
  Write an OnMouseLeave event handler to take specific action when the user moves the mouse off the
  list box. For example, you can use this event to undo changes that were made in an OnMouseEnter
  event handler.
See Also
  OnMouseEnter
