@@JvFileInfo.pas
<GROUP JVCL.FileRef>
Summary
  Contains the TJvFileInfo component.
<INCLUDE JVCL.UnitText.dtx>
Author
  Peter Thörnqvist
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvFileInfo
##JVCL:Component
<GROUP JVCL.System.FilesAndFolders>
<TITLEIMG TJvFileInfo>
Summary
  Retrieve info on a file, such as type, attribute, modifier and icon.
Description
  TJvFileInfo is a non-visible component that provides you with information on a particular file. 
  File information such as type, attribute, modifier, icon can be retrieved with the published 
  properties.

  To get information on the a file you should:

  * drop a TJvFileInfo on a form or data module.
  * set the property FileName to an existing file on your computer.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvFileInfo.Filename
Summary
  The file you want information on.
Description
  Filename is the full path and filename.  It has to point to a file that exists, there is no 
  error message if the Filename is entered erroneously or does not exists.
See Also
  DisplayName
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvFileInfo.Modifier
Summary
  Retrieves the Icons modifier.
Description
  Retrieves the Icons Modifier to indicate the current state.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvFileInfo.IconIndex
Summary
  Retrieve the index of a file's image list icon.
Description
  Retrieve the index of a file's image list icon. The return value is a handle to the system image 
  list. 
See Also
  Count
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvFileInfo.DisplayName
Summary
  The name that is displayed on the drive.
Description
  This Read-Only property returns case-sensitive name that is displayed.  
See Also
  FileName
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvFileInfo.ExeType
Summary
  Returns the executable type.
Description
  ExeType returns the executable type for an executable file (.EXE, .COM) like 16-bit, 32-bit, 
  MS-DOS, etc.  If the file is not an executable, etNone is returned.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvFileInfo.AttrString
Summary
  Returns the Attributes of a file or directory.
Description
  This Read-Only property returns the attributes of a file or directory as one String.  For a file 
  that has an attribute of Archive the result is "A".  For a combination of attributes such as 
  (Archive + Hidden + System), the result is "AHS".
  
  The possible Attributes are:
  <TABLE>
    Attribute     Resulting string
    ---------     ----------------
    Normal        (no AttrString)
    Archive       A
    Compressed    C
    Directory     D
    Hidden        H
    Readonly      R
    System        S
  </TABLE>
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvFileInfo.IconLocation
Summary
  Returns the path to the file containing the icon to be used to display the file type. 
Description
  IconLocation holds the path to the file containing the icon to be used to display the file type. 
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvFileInfo.TypeString
Summary
  Indicates the type of File
Description
  TypeString returns a string composed of the extension which has ' file' at the end.  
  For example for an executable file, the TypeString is 'EXE file'
See Also
  FileName
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvFileInfo.Icon
Summary
  Retries the Icon that represents the file
Description
  Returns icon as TIcon that currently is shown.  It 
See Also
  FileName
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvExeType
Summary
  Type used to indicate the type of executable file.
Description
  TJvExeType is used in the <LINK TJvFileInfo.ExeType, ExeType> property of the TJvFileInfo 
  component to indicate the type of executable file.
@@TJvExeType.etNone
  The file is not an executable.
@@TJvExeType.etMSDos
  The file is a MSDos executable.
@@TJvExeType.etWin16
  The file is a Windows 3.x or earlier (16-bit) application.
@@TJvExeType.etWin32
  The file is a Windows 95 or later, Windows NT, Windows 2000 or Windows XP application
@@TJvExeType.etConsole
  The file is a console application.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvIconModifier
Summary
  Type used to indicate the type icon modifier.
Description
  TJvIconModifier is the type used in the <LINK TJvFileInfo.Modifier, modifier> property of the
  TJvFileInfo component to indicate the type of icon to retrieve.
@@TJvIconModifier.imNormal
  The normal icon of the file.
@@TJvIconModifier.imOverlay
  The icon overlay of the file.
@@TJvIconModifier.imSelected
  The icon of the file when it's selected.
@@TJvIconModifier.imOpen
  The icon of the file when it's open.
@@TJvIconModifier.imShellSize
  The icon of the file using the shell size.
@@TJvIconModifier.imSmall
  The icon of the file as a small icon.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
