----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@JvID3v2Types.pas
<GROUP JVCL.FileRef>
Summary
  Contains the TJvID3v2Types component.
<INCLUDE JVCL.UnitText.dtx>
Author
  Sébastien Buysse
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@ID3_FrameIDToString
<TITLE ID3_FrameIDToString function>
Summary
  Converts a frame identifier to a string.
Description
  ID3_FrameIDToString converts a frame identifier to a string containing the alphanumerical
  representation of that frame identifier.

  For example: ID3_FrameIDToString(fiComment, 4) returns 'COMM'.
Parameters
  ID   - \Description for this parameter
  Size - Specifies the wanted length of the returned string. Set parameter Size to 3 if you want a v2.2
         string, set parameter size to 4 if you want a v2.3 or v2.4 string.
Return Value
  \Returns the alphanumerical representation of that frame identifier.
See Also
  <LINK ID3_StringToFrameID>
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@ID3_Genres
<TITLE ID3_Genres procedure>
Summary
  Provides a list of genres.
Description
  GetActionsList is called at design time to get a list containing names and objects. Each name
  identifies an action name to insert and each object identifies a class of adapter action component.
  When editing the adapter, these action names are displayed in the dialog box that is used to add new
  actions. For example, when editing a TDataSetAdapter a list of all of the dataset commands are
  displayed such as NextRow, PrevRow, DeleteRow, etc.
Parameters
  Strings          - \Description for this parameter
  InclWinampGenres - Specifies whether to include the genres introduced by Winamp.
See Also
  <LINK ID3_GenreToID>, <LINK ID3_IDToGenre>, <LINK ID3_LongGenreToID>
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@ID3_GenreToID
<TITLE ID3_GenreToID function>
Summary
  Converts a string to a genre identifier.
Description
  Write here a description
Parameters
  AGenre           - \Description for this parameter
  InclWinampGenres - Specifies whether to include the genres introduced by Winamp.
Return Value
  Describe here what the function returns
See Also
  <LINK ID3_Genres>, <LINK ID3_IDToGenre>, <LINK ID3_LongGenreToID>
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@ID3_IDToGenre
<TITLE ID3_IDToGenre function>
Summary
  Converts a genre identifier to a string.
Description
  Write here a description
Parameters
  ID               - \Description for this parameter
  InclWinampGenres - Specifies whether to include the genres introduced by Winamp.
Return Value
  Describe here what the function returns
See Also
  <LINK ID3_Genres>, <LINK ID3_GenreToID>, <LINK ID3_LongGenreToID>
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@ID3_LongGenreToID
<TITLE ID3_LongGenreToID function>
Summary
  Converts a string to a genre identifier.
Description
  Write here a description
Parameters
  ALongGenre       - \Description for this parameter
  InclWinampGenres - Specifies whether to include the genres introduced by Winamp.
Return Value
  Describe here what the function returns
See Also
  <LINK ID3_Genres>, <LINK ID3_GenreToID>, <LINK ID3_IDToGenre>
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@ID3_StringToFrameID
<TITLE ID3_StringToFrameID function>
Summary
  Converts a string to a frame identifier.
Description
  Write here a description
Parameters
  S - \Description for this parameter
Return Value
  Describe here what the function returns
See Also
  <LINK ID3_FrameIDToString>
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@ISO_639_2CodeToName
<TITLE ISO_639_2CodeToName function>
Summary
  Converts an ISO-639-2 Alpha-3 code to a language name.
Description
  Call ISO_639_2CodeToName to convert an ISO-639-2 Alpha-3 code to a language name.

  For example, ISO_639_2CodeToName('deu') returns 'German'.

  The ISO-639-2 standard provides codes for the representation of names of languages, the codes in the
  ISO-639-2 standard consist of alpha characters and have length 3.
Parameters
  Code - Specifies an ISO\-639\-2 Alpha\-3 code that should be converted. Code must have length 3,
       - otherwise the function returns an empty string.
Return Value
  \Returns the language name identified by the Code parameter.
See Also
  <LINK ISO_639_2IsCode>, <LINK ISO_639_2Names>, <LINK ISO_639_2NameToCode>
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@ISO_639_2IsCode
<TITLE ISO_639_2IsCode function>
Summary
  Indicates whether a given code is an ISO-639-2 Alpha-3 code that identifies a specific language.
Description
  Call ISO_639_2IsCode whether the string represented by the Code parameter is an ISO-639-2 code that
  identifies a specific language.

  For example, ISO_639_2IsCode('dan') returns True, because 'dan' represents the Danish language.

  The ISO-639-2 standard provides codes for the representation of names of languages, the codes in the
  ISO-639-2 standard consist of alpha characters and have length 3.
Parameters
  Code - Specifies a string that should be checked.
Return Value
  \Returns True if parameter Code represents an ISO-639-2 language, otherwise returns False.
See Also
  <LINK ISO_639_2CodeToName>, <LINK ISO_639_2Names>, <LINK ISO_639_2NameToCode>
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@ISO_639_2Names
<TITLE ISO_639_2Names procedure>
Summary
  Provides a list of languages as identified by ISO-639-2.
Description
  Call ISO_639_2Names to retrieve a list of all languages as described by the ISO-639-2 standard.

  The ISO-639-2 standard provides codes for the representation of names of languages, the codes in the
  ISO-639-2 standard consist of alpha characters and have length 3.
Parameters
  Strings - Specifies a TStrings that should be filled.
See Also
  <LINK ISO_639_2CodeToName>, <LINK ISO_639_2IsCode>, <LINK ISO_639_2NameToCode>
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@ISO_639_2NameToCode
<TITLE ISO_639_2NameToCode function>
Summary
  Converts a language name to an ISO-639-2 Alpha-3 code that represents that language.
Description
  Call ISO_639_2NameToCode to convert a language name to an ISO-639-2 Alpha-3 code.

  For example, ISO_639_2NameToCode('Somali') returns 'som'.

  The ISO-639-2 standard provides codes for the representation of names of languages, the codes in the
  ISO-639-2 standard consist of alpha characters and have length 3.
Parameters
  Name - Specifies an ISO\-639\-2 language that should be converted.
Return Value
  Describe here what the function returns
See Also
  <LINK ISO_639_2CodeToName>, <LINK ISO_639_2IsCode>, <LINK ISO_639_2Names>
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvID3Encoding
<TITLE TJvID3Encoding type>
Summary
  Represents different kind of string encodings in a ID3 frame.
Description
  Use the TJvID3Encoding type to represent a string encoding in a ID3 frame.
  TJvID3Encodings is a set of TJvID3Encoding values.
@@TJvID3Encoding.ienISO_8859_1
  An ISO-8859-1 encoding.
@@TJvID3Encoding.ienUTF_16
  An UTF-16 unicode with BOM encoding.
@@TJvID3Encoding.ienUTF_16BE
  An UTF-16BE unicode without BOM encoding.
@@TJvID3Encoding.ienUTF_8
  An UTF-8 unicode encoding.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvID3Encodings
<TITLE TJvID3Encodings type>
<COMBINE TJvID3Encoding>
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvID3ForceEncoding
<TITLE TJvID3ForceEncoding type>
Summary
  Represents different kinds of enforcements of string encodings for a whole ID3 tag.
Description
  Use the TJvID3ForceEncoding type to represent a specific enforcement of a string encoding for a
  whole ID3 tag.
@@TJvID3ForceEncoding.ifeDontCare
  Does not enforce a specific string encoding for the whole ID3 tag.
@@TJvID3ForceEncoding.ifeISO_8859_1
  Enforces an ISO-8859-1 encoding for all strings in the ID3 tag.
@@TJvID3ForceEncoding.ifeUTF_16
  Enforces an UTF-16 unicode encoding for all strings in the ID3 tag.
@@TJvID3ForceEncoding.ifeUTF_16BE
  Enforces an UTF-16BE unicode without BOM encoding for all strings in the ID3 tag.
@@TJvID3ForceEncoding.ifeUTF_8
  Enforces an UTF-8 unicode encoding for all strings in the ID3 tag.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvID3ForceVersion
<TITLE TJvID3ForceVersion type>
Summary
  Represents different kinds of enforcements of ID3 versions for an ID3 tag.
Description
  Use the TJvID3ForceVersion type to represent a specific enforcement of an ID3 version for an ID3
  tag.
@@TJvID3ForceVersion.ifvDontCare
  Does not enforce an specific version for an ID3 tag.
@@TJvID3ForceVersion.ifv2_2
  Enforces a 2.2 version for the ID3 tag.
@@TJvID3ForceVersion.ifv2_3
  Enforces a 2.3 version for the ID3 tag.
@@TJvID3ForceVersion.ifv2_4
  Enforces a 2.4 version for the ID3 tag.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvID3FrameHeaderFlag
<TITLE TJvID3FrameHeaderFlag type>
Summary
  Write here a summary (1 line)
Description
  Use the TJvID3FrameHeaderFlag type to
  TJvID3FrameHeaderFlags is a set of TJvID3FrameHeaderFlag values.
@@TJvID3FrameHeaderFlag.fhfOnTagAlterDiscardFrame
  Description for fhfOnTagAlterDiscardFrame
@@TJvID3FrameHeaderFlag.fhfOnFileAlterDiscardFrame
  Description for fhfOnFileAlterDiscardFrame
@@TJvID3FrameHeaderFlag.fhfReadOnly
  Description for fhfReadOnly
@@TJvID3FrameHeaderFlag.fhfIsCompressed
  Description for fhfIsCompressed
  Not implemented by TJvID3Controller.
@@TJvID3FrameHeaderFlag.fhfIsEncrypted
  Description for fhfIsEncrypted
  Not implemented by TJvID3Controller.
@@TJvID3FrameHeaderFlag.fhfContainsGroupInformation
  Description for fhfContainsGroupInformation
@@TJvID3FrameHeaderFlag.fhfUnsynchronisationApplied
  Description for fhfUnsynchronisationApplied
@@TJvID3FrameHeaderFlag.fhfDataLengthIndicator
  Description for fhfDataLengthIndicator
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvID3FrameHeaderFlags
<TITLE TJvID3FrameHeaderFlags type>
<COMBINE TJvID3FrameHeaderFlag>
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvID3FrameID
<TITLE TJvID3FrameID type>
Summary
  See <LINK TJvID3FrameID_Table, Table>
Description
  Use the TJvID3FrameID type to
  TJvID3FrameIDs is a set of TJvID3FrameID values.
@@TJvID3FrameID.fiAlbum
  [TALB] The 'Album/Movie/Show title' frame is intended for the title of the
  recording(/source of sound) which the audio in the file is taken from.
@@TJvID3FrameID.fiAlbumSortOrder
  [TSOA] The 'Album sort order' frame defines a string which should be used instead of the album name
  (TALB) for sorting purposes. E.g. an album named "A Soundtrack" might preferably be sorted as
  "Soundtrack". Introduced in v2.4.
@@TJvID3FrameID.fiAudioCrypto
  [AENC] The 'Audio encryption' frame indicates if the actual audio stream is encrypted, and by whom.
@@TJvID3FrameID.fiAudioSeekPoint
  [ASPI] 'Audio seek point index'. Audio files with variable bit rates are intrinsically difficult to
  deal with in the case of seeking within the file. The ASPI frame
  makes seeking easier by providing a list a seek points within the
  audio file.
  Introduced in v2.4.
@@TJvID3FrameID.fiBPM
  [TBPM] The 'BPM' frame contains the number of beats per minute in the mainpart of the audio.
@@TJvID3FrameID.fiBand
  [TPE2] The 'Band/Orchestra/Accompaniment' frame is used for additional information about the
  performers in the recording.
@@TJvID3FrameID.fiBufferSize
  [RBUF] 'Recommended buffer size' Sometimes the server from which a audio file is streamed is aware
  of transmission or coding problems resulting in interruptions in the audio stream. In these cases,
  the size of the buffer can be recommended by the server using this frame.
@@TJvID3FrameID.fiCDID
  [MCDI] The 'Music CD identifier' frame is intended for music that comes from a CD, so that the
  CD can be identified in databases such as the CDDB. The frame consists of a binary dump of the Table
  Of Contents, TOC, from the CD,
@@TJvID3FrameID.fiComment
  [COMM] The Comment frame is indended for any kind of full text information that does not fit in
  any other frame.
@@TJvID3FrameID.fiCommercial
  [COMR] The Commercial frame enables several competing offers in the same tag by bundling all needed
  information.
  Introduced in v2.3.
@@TJvID3FrameID.fiComposer
  [TCOM] The 'Composer(s)' frame is intended for the name of the composer(s).
@@TJvID3FrameID.fiConductor
  [TPE3] The 'Conductor' frame is used for the name of the conductor.
@@TJvID3FrameID.fiContentGroup
  [TIT1] The 'Content group description' frame is used if the sound belongs to a larger
  category of sounds/music. For example, classical music is often sorted in different musical
  sections (e.g. "Piano Concerto", "Weather - Hurricane").
@@TJvID3FrameID.fiContentType
  [TCON]
@@TJvID3FrameID.fiCopyright
  [TCOP] 'Copyright message' frame. Intended for the copyright holder of the original sound,
  not the audio file itself.
@@TJvID3FrameID.fiCryptoReg
  [ENCR] To identify with which method a frame has been encrypted the encryption method must
  be registered in the tag with this 'Encryption method registration' frame.
  Introduced in v2.3.
@@TJvID3FrameID.fiDate
  [TDAT] 'Date' frame containing the date for the recording.
  Deprecated as of v2.4, replaced by
@@TJvID3FrameID.fiEncodedBy
  [TENC] The 'Encoded by' frame contains the name of the person or organisation that
  encoded the audio file.
@@TJvID3FrameID.fiEncoderSettings
  [TSSE] The 'Software/Hardware and settings used for encoding' frame includes the used audio
  encoder and its settings when the file was encoded. Hardware refers to hardware encoders, not the
  computer on which a program was run.
  Introduced in v2.3.
@@TJvID3FrameID.fiEncodingTime
  [TDEN] The 'Encoding time' frame contains a timestamp describing when the
  audio was encoded.
  Introduced in v2.4.
@@TJvID3FrameID.fiEqualization2
  [EQU2]
  Introduced in v2.4.
@@TJvID3FrameID.fiEqualization
  [EQUA] This is another subjective, alignment frame. It allows the user to predefine an
  equalisation curve within the audio file.
  Deprecated as of v2.4, replaced by fiEqualization2.
@@TJvID3FrameID.fiErrorFrame
  Special frame used to identify an erroneous frame.
@@TJvID3FrameID.fiEventTiming
  [ETCO]
@@TJvID3FrameID.fiFileOwner
  [TOWN] The 'File owner/licensee' frame contains the name of the owner or licensee of the file
  and it's contents.
  Introduced in v2.3.
@@TJvID3FrameID.fiFileType
  [TFLT] The 'File type' frame indicates which type of audio this tag defines.
@@TJvID3FrameID.fiGeneralObject
  [GEOB] In the 'General encapsulated object' frame any type of file can be encapsulated.
@@TJvID3FrameID.fiGroupingReg
  [GRID] The 'Group identification registration' frame enables grouping of otherwise unrelated
  frames. This can be used when some frames are to be signed. To identify which frames belongs to a
  set of frames a group identifier must be registered in the tag with this frame.
  Introduced in v2.3.
@@TJvID3FrameID.fiISRC
  [TSRC] The 'ISRC' frame should contain the International Standard Recording Code (ISRC)
  12 characters).
@@TJvID3FrameID.fiInitialKey
  [TKEY] The 'Initial key' frame contains the musical key in which the sound starts.
@@TJvID3FrameID.fiInvolvedPeople2
  [TIPL] The 'Involved people list' is very similar to the musician credits
  list, but maps between functions, like producer, and names.
  Introduced in v2.4.
@@TJvID3FrameID.fiInvolvedPeople
  [IPLS] 'Involved people list' Since there might be a lot of people contributing to an audio file in various ways, such as musicians and technicians, the 'Text information frames' are often insufficient to list everyone involved in a project. The 'Involved people list' is a frame containing the names of those involved, and how they were involved.
  Deprecated as of v2.4, replaced by fiInvolvedPeople2 and fiMusicianCreditList.
@@TJvID3FrameID.fiLanguage
  [TLAN] The 'Language(s)' frame should contain the languages of the text or lyrics spoken
  or sung in the audio.
@@TJvID3FrameID.fiLeadArtist
  [TPE1] The 'Lead artist(s)/Lead performer(s)/Soloist(s)/Performing group' frame is used for the
  main artist(s).
@@TJvID3FrameID.fiLinkedInfo
  [LINK]
@@TJvID3FrameID.fiLyricist
  [TEXT] The 'Lyricist(s)/Text writer(s)' frame is intended for the writer(s) of the text
  or lyrics in the recording.
@@TJvID3FrameID.fiMPEGLookup
  [MLLT] 'MPEG location lookup table
@@TJvID3FrameID.fiMediaType
  [TMED] The 'Media type' frame describes from which media the sound originated.
@@TJvID3FrameID.fiMetaCompression
  [CDM]
  Only in v2.2.
@@TJvID3FrameID.fiMetaCrypto
  [CRM]
  Only in v2.2.
@@TJvID3FrameID.fiMixArtist
  [TPE4] The 'Interpreted, remixed, or otherwise modified by' frame contains more information about
  the people behind a remix and similar interpretations of another existing piece.
@@TJvID3FrameID.fiMood
  [TMOO] The 'Mood' frame is intended to reflect the mood of the audio with a
  few keywords, e.g. "Romantic" or "Sad".
  Introduced in v2.4.
@@TJvID3FrameID.fiMusicianCreditList
  [TMCL] The 'Musician credits list' is intended as a mapping between
  instruments and the musician that played it.
  Introduced in v2.4.
@@TJvID3FrameID.fiNetRadioOwner
  [TRSO] The 'Internet radio station owner' frame contains the name of the owner of the internet
  radio station from which the audio is streamed.
@@TJvID3FrameID.fiNetRadioStation
  [TRSN] The 'Internet radio station name' frame contains the name of the internet radio station
  from which the audio is streamed.
@@TJvID3FrameID.fiOrigAlbum
  [TOAL] The 'Original album/movie/show title' frame is intended for the title of the original
  recording (or source of sound), if for example the music in the file should be a cover of a
  previously released song.
@@TJvID3FrameID.fiOrigArtist
  [TOPE] The 'Original artist(s)/performer(s)' frame is intended for the performer(s) of the
  original recording, if for example the music in the file should be a cover of a previously
  released song.
@@TJvID3FrameID.fiOrigFileName
  [TOFN] The 'Original filename' frame contains the preferred filename for the file, since some
  media doesn't allow the desired length of the filename.
@@TJvID3FrameID.fiOrigLyricist
  [TOLY] The 'Original lyricist(s)/text writer(s)' frame is intended for the text writer(s) of
  the original recording, if for example the music in the file should be a cover of a previously
  released song.
@@TJvID3FrameID.fiOrigReleaseTime
  [TDOR] The 'Original release time' frame contains a timestamp describing
  when the original recording of the audio was released.
  Introduced in v2.4.
@@TJvID3FrameID.fiOrigYear
  [TORY] The 'Original release year' frame is intended for the year when the original recording,
  if for example the music in the file should be a cover of a previously released song, was released.
  Deprecated as of v2.4, replaced by
@@TJvID3FrameID.fiOwnership
  [OWNE] The Ownership frame might be used as a reminder of a made transaction or, if signed, as
  proof. Note that the fiTermsOfUse and fiFileOwner frames are good to use in conjunction with this one.
  Introduced in v2.3.
@@TJvID3FrameID.fiPaddingFrame
  Special frame used to identify a padding frame.
@@TJvID3FrameID.fiPartInSet
  [TPOS] The 'Part of a set' frame is a numeric string that describes which part of a set the audio
  came from. This frame is used if the source described in the fiAlbum frame is divided into several
  mediums, e.g. a double CD. The value may be extended with a "/" character and a numeric string
  containing the total number of parts in the set. E.g. "1/2".
@@TJvID3FrameID.fiPerformerSortOrder
  [TSOP] The 'Performer sort order' frame defines a string which should be
  used instead of the performer (TPE2) for sorting purposes.
  Introduced in v2.4.
@@TJvID3FrameID.fiPicture
  [APIC] The 'Attached picture' frame contains a picture directly related to the audio file.
@@TJvID3FrameID.fiPlayCounter
  [PCNT] The Playcounter frame is simply a counter of the number of times a file has been played.
  The value is increased by one every time the file begins to play.
@@TJvID3FrameID.fiPlaylistDelay
  [TDLY] 'Playlist delay' defines the numbers of milliseconds of silence between every song
  in a playlist.
@@TJvID3FrameID.fiPopularimeter
  [POPM] The purpose of this frame is to specify how good an audio file is.
@@TJvID3FrameID.fiPositionsync
  [POSS] The 'Position synchronisation' frame delivers information to the listener of how far into the
  audio stream he picked up;
  Introduced in v2.3.
@@TJvID3FrameID.fiPrivate
  [PRIV] The Private frame is used to contain information from a software producer that its program
  uses and does not fit into the other frames.
  Introduced in v2.3.
@@TJvID3FrameID.fiProducedNotice
  [TPRO] The 'Produced notice' frame, in which the string must begin with a
  year and a space character (making five characters), is intended for
  the production copyright holder of the original sound, not the audio
  file itself.
  Introduced in v2.4.
@@TJvID3FrameID.fiPublisher
  [TPUB] The 'Publisher' frame simply contains the name of the label or publisher.
@@TJvID3FrameID.fiRecordingDates
  [TRDA] The 'Recording dates' frame is a intended to be used as complement to the fiYear, fiDate
  and fiTime frames. E.g. "4th-7th June, 12th June" in combination with the fiYear frame.
  Deprecated as of v2.4, replaced by
@@TJvID3FrameID.fiRecordingTime
  [TDRC] The 'Recording time' frame contains a timestamp describing when the
  audio was recorded.
  Introduced in v2.4.
@@TJvID3FrameID.fiReleaseTime
  [TDRL] The 'Release time' frame contains a timestamp describing when the
  audio was first released.
  Introduced in v2.4.
@@TJvID3FrameID.fiReverb
  [RVRB] The Reverb frame can be used to adjust echoes of different kinds.
@@TJvID3FrameID.fiSeekFrame
  [SEEK] This frame indicates where other tags in a file/stream can be found.
  Introduced in v2.4.
@@TJvID3FrameID.fiSetSubTitle
  [TSST] The 'Set subtitle' frame is intended for the subtitle of the part of a set this track
  belongs to.
  Introduced in v2.4.
@@TJvID3FrameID.fiSignature
  [SIGN] This frame enables a group of frames, grouped with the 'Group
  identification registration', to be signed.
  Introduced in v2.4.
@@TJvID3FrameID.fiSize
  [TSIZ] The 'Size' frame contains the size of the audiofile in bytes, excluding the ID3v2 tag,
  Deprecated as of v2.4, replaced by
@@TJvID3FrameID.fiSongLen
  [TLEN] The 'Length' frame contains the length of the audiofile in milliseconds
@@TJvID3FrameID.fiSubTitle
  [TIT3] The 'Subtitle/Description refinement' frame is used for information directly related
  to the contents title (e.g. "Op. 16" or "Performed live at Wembley").
@@TJvID3FrameID.fiSyncedLyrics
  [SYLT] 'Synchronised lyrics/text' This is another way of incorporating the words, said or sung
  lyrics, in the audio file as text, this time, however, in sync with the audio. It might also be used
  to describing events e.g. occurring on a stage or on the screen in sync with the audio.
@@TJvID3FrameID.fiSyncedTempo
  [SYTC] 'Synchronised tempo codes'
@@TJvID3FrameID.fiTaggingTime
  [TDTG] The 'Tagging time' frame contains a timestamp describing then the
  audio was tagged.
  Introduced in v2.4.
@@TJvID3FrameID.fiTermsOfUse
  [USER] This frame contains a brief description of the terms of use and ownership of the
  file. More detailed information concerning the legal terms might be available through the
  fiWWWCopyright frame.
  Introduced in v2.3.
@@TJvID3FrameID.fiTime
  [TIME] The 'Time' frame containing the time for the recording.
  Deprecated as of v2.4, replaced by
@@TJvID3FrameID.fiTitle
  [TIT2] The 'Title/Songname/Content description' frame is the actual name of the piece
  e.g. "Adagio", "Hurricane Donna").
@@TJvID3FrameID.fiTitleSortOrder
  [TSOT] The 'Title sort order' frame defines a string which should be used
  instead of the title (TIT2) for sorting purposes.
  Introduced in v2.4.
@@TJvID3FrameID.fiTrackNum
  [TRCK] The 'Track number/Position in set' frame is a numeric string containing the order number
  of the audio-file on its original recording. This may be extended with a "/" character and a numeric
  string containing the total numer of tracks/elements on the original recording. E.g. "4/9".
@@TJvID3FrameID.fiUniqueFileID
  [UFID] This frame's purpose is to be able to identify the audio file in a database that
  may contain more information relevant to the content.
@@TJvID3FrameID.fiUnknownFrame
  Special frame used to identify an unknown frame.
@@TJvID3FrameID.fiUnsyncedLyrics
  [USLT] This frame contains the lyrics of the song or a text transcription of other vocal
  activities.
@@TJvID3FrameID.fiUserText
  [TXXX] The 'User defined text information' frame is intended for one-string text
  information concerning the audiofile in a similar way to the other "T"-frames.
@@TJvID3FrameID.fiVolumeAdj2
  [RVA2]
  Introduced in v2.4.
@@TJvID3FrameID.fiVolumeAdj
  [RVAD] 'Relative volume adjustment' This is a more subjective function than the previous ones. It
  allows the user to say how much he wants to increase/decrease the volume on each channel while
  the file is played. The purpose is to be able to align all files to a reference volume, so that
  you don't have to change the volume constantly. This frame may also be used to balance adjust the audio.
  Deprecated as of v2.4, replaced by fiVolumeAdj2
@@TJvID3FrameID.fiWWWArtist
  [WOAR] The 'Official artist/performer webpage' frame is a URL pointing at the artists
  official webpage.
@@TJvID3FrameID.fiWWWAudioFile
  [WOAF] The 'Official audio file webpage' frame is a URL pointing at a file specific webpage.
@@TJvID3FrameID.fiWWWAudioSource
  [WOAS] The 'Official audio source webpage' frame is a URL pointing at the official webpage
  for the source of the audio file, e.g. a movie.
@@TJvID3FrameID.fiWWWCommercialInfo
  [WCOM] The 'Commercial information' frame is a URL pointing at a webpage with information
  such as where the album can be bought.
@@TJvID3FrameID.fiWWWCopyright
  [WCOP] The 'Copyright/Legal information' frame is a URL pointing at a webpage where the
  terms of use and ownership of the file is described.
@@TJvID3FrameID.fiWWWPayment
  [WPAY] The 'Payment' frame is a URL pointing at a webpage that will handle the process of
  paying for this file.
@@TJvID3FrameID.fiWWWPublisher
  [WPUB] The 'Publishers official webpage' frame is a URL pointing at the official webpage for
  the publisher.
@@TJvID3FrameID.fiWWWRadioPage
  [WORS] The 'Official internet radio station homepage' contains a URL pointing at the homepage
  of the internet radio station.
@@TJvID3FrameID.fiWWWUser
  [WXXX] The 'User defined URL link' frame is intended for URL links concerning the audiofile
  in a similar way to the other "W"-frames.
@@TJvID3FrameID.fiYear
  [TYER] The 'Year' frame contains the year of the recording.
  Deprecated as of v2.4, replaced by
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvID3FrameIDs
<TITLE TJvID3FrameIDs type>
<COMBINE TJvID3FrameID>
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvID3HeaderExtendedFlag
<TITLE TJvID3HeaderExtendedFlag type>
Summary
  Write here a summary (1 line)
Description
  Use the TJvID3HeaderExtendedFlag type to
  TJvID3HeaderExtendedFlags is a set of TJvID3HeaderExtendedFlag values.
@@TJvID3HeaderExtendedFlag.hefTagIsAnUpdate
  Description for hefTagIsAnUpdate
@@TJvID3HeaderExtendedFlag.hefCRCDataPresent
  Description for hefCRCDataPresent
@@TJvID3HeaderExtendedFlag.hefTagRestrictions
  Description for hefTagRestrictions
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvID3HeaderExtendedFlags
<TITLE TJvID3HeaderExtendedFlags type>
<COMBINE TJvID3HeaderExtendedFlag>
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvID3HeaderFlag
<TITLE TJvID3HeaderFlag type>
Summary
  Write here a summary (1 line)
Description
  Use the TJvID3HeaderFlag type to
@@TJvID3HeaderFlag.hfUnsynchronisation
  Description for hfUnsynchronisation
@@TJvID3HeaderFlag.hfExtendedHeader
  Description for hfExtendedHeader
@@TJvID3HeaderFlag.hfExperimentalIndicator
  Description for hfExperimentalIndicator
@@TJvID3HeaderFlag.hfFooterPresent
  Description for hfFooterPresent
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvID3HeaderFlags
<TITLE TJvID3HeaderFlags type>
<COMBINE TJvID3HeaderFlag>
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvID3ImageEncodingRestriction
<TITLE TJvID3ImageEncodingRestriction type>
Summary
  Write here a summary (1 line)
Description
  Image encoding restrictions
@@TJvID3ImageEncodingRestriction.ierNoRestrictions
  No restrictions
@@TJvID3ImageEncodingRestriction.ierOnlyPNGorJPEG
  Images are encoded only with PNG or JPEG.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvID3ImageSizeRestriction
<TITLE TJvID3ImageSizeRestriction type>
Summary
  Write here a summary (1 line)
Description
  Image size restrictions
@@TJvID3ImageSizeRestriction.isrNoRestrictions
  No restrictions.
@@TJvID3ImageSizeRestriction.isrMax256x256
  All images are 256x256 pixels or smaller.
@@TJvID3ImageSizeRestriction.isrMax64x64
  All images are 64x64 pixels or smaller.
@@TJvID3ImageSizeRestriction.isr64x64UnlessRequired
  All images are exactly 64x64 pixels, unless required otherwise.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvID3PictureType
<TITLE TJvID3PictureType type>
Summary
  Write here a summary (1 line)
Description
  Use the TJvID3PictureType type to
@@TJvID3PictureType.ptOther
  Other
@@TJvID3PictureType.ptFileIcon
  32x32 pixels 'file icon' (PNG only)
@@TJvID3PictureType.ptOtherFileIcon
  Other file icon
@@TJvID3PictureType.ptCoverFront
  Cover (front)
@@TJvID3PictureType.ptCoverBack
  Cover (back)
@@TJvID3PictureType.ptLeafletPage
  Leaflet page
@@TJvID3PictureType.ptMedia
  Media (e.g. label side of CD)
@@TJvID3PictureType.ptLeadArtist
  Lead artist/lead performer/soloist
@@TJvID3PictureType.ptArtist
  Artist/performer
@@TJvID3PictureType.ptConductor
  Conductor
@@TJvID3PictureType.ptBand
  Band/Orchestra
@@TJvID3PictureType.ptComposer
  Composer
@@TJvID3PictureType.ptLyricist
  Lyricist/text writer
@@TJvID3PictureType.ptRecordingLocation
  Recording Location
@@TJvID3PictureType.ptDuringRecording
  During recording
@@TJvID3PictureType.ptDuringPerformance
  During performance
@@TJvID3PictureType.ptMovieVideoScreenCapture
  Movie/video screen capture
@@TJvID3PictureType.ptBrightColouredFish
  A bright coloured fish
@@TJvID3PictureType.ptIllustration
  Illustration
@@TJvID3PictureType.ptBandLogotype
  Band/artist logotype
@@TJvID3PictureType.ptPublisherLogotype
  Publisher/Studio logotype
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvID3Restrictions
Summary
  Write here a summary (1 line)
Description
  For some applications it might be desired to restrict a tag in more
  ways than imposed by the ID3v2 specification. Note that the
  presence of these restrictions does not affect how the tag is
  decoded, merely how it was restricted before encoding. If this flag
  is set the tag is restricted as follows:
@@TJvID3Restrictions.RTagSize
  Tag size restrictions
@@TJvID3Restrictions.RTextEncoding
  Text encoding restrictions
@@TJvID3Restrictions.RTextFieldsSize
  Text fields size restrictions
@@TJvID3Restrictions.RImageEncoding
  Image encoding restrictions
@@TJvID3Restrictions.RImageSize
  Image size restrictions
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvID3StringPair
Summary
  Write here a summary (1 line)
Description
  Use the TJvID3StringPair type to
@@TJvID3StringPair.SA
  Description for SA
@@TJvID3StringPair.SW
  Description for SW
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvID3TagSizeRestriction
<TITLE TJvID3TagSizeRestriction type>
Summary
  Write here a summary (1 line)
Description
  Tag size restrictions
@@TJvID3TagSizeRestriction.tsrMax128Frames_1MB
  No more than 128 frames and 1 MB total tag size.
@@TJvID3TagSizeRestriction.tsrMax64Frames_128KB
  No more than 64 frames and 128 KB total tag size.
@@TJvID3TagSizeRestriction.tsrMax32Frames_40KB
  No more than 32 frames and 40 KB total tag size.
@@TJvID3TagSizeRestriction.tsrMax32Frames_4KB
  No more than 32 frames and 4 KB total tag size.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvID3TextEncodingRestriction
<TITLE TJvID3TextEncodingRestriction type>
Summary
  Write here a summary (1 line)
Description
  Text encoding restrictions
@@TJvID3TextEncodingRestriction.terNoRestrictions
  No restrictions
@@TJvID3TextEncodingRestriction.terOnlyISO_8859_1orUTF8
  Strings are only encoded with ISO-8859-1 or UTF-8.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvID3TextFieldsSizeRestriction
<TITLE TJvID3TextFieldsSizeRestriction type>
Summary
  Write here a summary (1 line)
Description
  Text fields size restrictions
@@TJvID3TextFieldsSizeRestriction.tfszNoRestrictions
  No restrictions
@@TJvID3TextFieldsSizeRestriction.tfszMax1024Char
  No string is longer than 1024 characters.
@@TJvID3TextFieldsSizeRestriction.tfszMax128Char
  No string is longer than 128 characters.
@@TJvID3TextFieldsSizeRestriction.tfszMax30Char
  No string is longer than 30 characters.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvID3Version
<TITLE TJvID3Version type>
Summary
  Represent different kinds of ID3 tag versions.
Description
  Use the TJvID3Version type to represent an ID3 tag version.
@@TJvID3Version.iveLowerThan2_2
  A version older than 2.2. Such a version can't be read by TJvID3Controller.
@@TJvID3Version.ive2_2
  Version 2.2
@@TJvID3Version.ive2_3
  Version 2.3
@@TJvID3Version.ive2_4
  Version 2.4
@@TJvID3Version.iveHigherThan2_4
  A version newer than 2.4. Such a version can't be read by TJvID3Controller.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvID3FrameID_Table
<TITLE TJvID3FrameID Table>
JVCLInfo
  GROUP=TJvID3FrameID
Description
  Sorted by frame identifier:
  <TABLE>
  TJvID3FrameID         Name  v2.2  Implemented By              v2.2  v2.3   v2.4
  -------------         ====  ====  --------------              ====  ====   ====
  fiAlbum               TALB  TAL   TJvID3TextFrame             X       X       X
  fiAlbumSortOrder      TSOA  -     TJvID3TextFrame             -       -       X
  fiAudioCrypto         AENC  CRA   TJvID3AudioEncryptionFrame  X       X       X
  fiAudioSeekPoint      ASPI  -     -                           -       -       X
  fiBPM                 TBPM  TBP   TJvID3NumberFrame           X       X       X
  fiBand                TPE2  TP2   TJvID3TextFrame             X       X       X
  fiBufferSize          RBUF  BUF   -                           X       X       X
  fiCDID                MCDI  MCI   TJvID3BinaryFrame           X       X       X
  fiComment             COMM  COM   TJvID3ContentFrame          X       X       X
  fiCommercial          COMR  -     -                           -       X       X
  fiComposer            TCOM  TCM   TJvID3SimpleListFrame       X       X       X
  fiConductor           TPE3  TP3   TJvID3TextFrame             X       X       X
  fiContentGroup        TIT1  TT1   TJvID3TextFrame             X       X       X
  fiContentType         TCON  TCO   TJvID3TextFrame             X       X       X
  fiCopyright           TCOP  TCR   TJvID3TextFrame             X       X       X
  fiCryptoReg           ENCR  -     -                           -       X       X
  fiDate                TDAT  TDA   TJvID3TextFrame             X       X       d
  fiEncodedBy           TENC  TEN   TJvID3TextFrame             X       X       X
  fiEncoderSettings     TSSE  -     TJvID3TextFrame             -       X       X
  fiEncodingTime        TDEN  -     TJvID3TimestampFrame        -       -       X
  fiEqualization        EQUA  EQU   -                           X       X       d
  fiEqualization2       EQU2  -     -                           -       -       X
  fiErrorFrame          -     -     -
  fiEventTiming         ETCO  ETC   -                           X       X       X
  fiFileOwner           TOWN  -     TJvID3TextFrame             -       X       X
  fiFileType            TFLT  TFT   TJvID3TextFrame             X       X       X
  fiGeneralObject       GEOB  GEO   TJvID3GeneralObjFrame       X       X       X
  fiGroupingReg         GRID  -     -                           -       X       X
  fiISRC                TSRC  TRC   TJvID3TextFrame             X       X       X
  fiInitialKey          TKEY  TKE   TJvID3TextFrame             X       X       X
  fiInvolvedPeople      IPLS  IPL   TJvID3DoubleListFrame       X       X       d
  fiInvolvedPeople2     TIPL  -     TJvID3DoubleListFrame       -       -       X
  fiLanguage            TLAN  TLA   TJvID3SimpleListFrame       X       X       X
  fiLeadArtist          TPE1  TP1   TJvID3SimpleListFrame       X       X       X
  fiLinkedInfo          LINK  LNK   -                           X       X       X
  fiLyricist            TEXT  TXT   TJvID3SimpleListFrame       X       X       X
  fiMPEGLookup          MLLT  MLL   -                           X       X       X
  fiMediaType           TMED  TMT   TJvID3TextFrame             X       X       X
  fiMetaCompressio      -     CDM   -                           X       -       -
  fiMetaCrypto          -     CRM   -                           X       -       -
  fiMixArtist           TPE4  TP4   TJvID3TextFrame             X       X       X
  fiMood                TMOO  -     TJvID3TextFrame             -       -       X
  fiMusicianCreditList  TMCL  -     TJvID3DoubleListFrame       -       -       X
  fiNetRadioOwner       TRSO  TRO   TJvID3TextFrame             X       X       X
  fiNetRadioStation     TRSN  TRN   TJvID3TextFrame             X       X       X
  fiNoFrame             -     -     TJvID3SkipFrame
  fiOrigAlbum           TOAL  TOT   TJvID3TextFrame             X       X       X
  fiOrigArtist          TOPE  TOA   TJvID3SimpleListFrame       X       X       X
  fiOrigFileName        TOFN  TOF   TJvID3TextFrame             X       X       X
  fiOrigLyricist        TOLY  TOL   TJvID3SimpleListFrame       X       X       X
  fiOrigReleaseTime     TDOR  -     TJvID3TimestampFrame        -       -       X
  fiOrigYear            TORY  TOR   TJvID3NumberFrame           X       X       d
  fiOwnership           OWNE  -     TJvID3OwnershipFrame        -       X       X
  fiPaddingFrame        -     -     -
  fiPartInSet           TPOS  TPA   TJvID3TextFrame             X       X       X
  fiPerformerSortOrder  TSOP  -     TJvID3TextFrame             -       -       X
  fiPicture             APIC  PIC   TJvID3PictureFrame          X       X       X
  fiPlayCounter         PCNT  CNT   TJvID3PlayCounterFrame      X       X       X
  fiPlaylistDelay       TDLY  TDY   TJvID3NumberFrame           X       X       X
  fiPopularimeter       POPM  POP   TJvID3PopularimeterFrame    X       X       X
  fiPositionsync        POSS  -     -                           -       X       X
  fiPrivate             PRIV  -     -                           -       X       X
  fiProducedNotice      TPRO  -     TJvID3TextFrame             -       -       X
  fiPublisher           TPUB  TPB   TJvID3TextFrame             X       X       X
  fiRecordingDates      TRDA  TRD   TJvID3TextFrame             X       X       d
  fiRecordingTime       TDRC  -     TJvID3TimestampFrame        -       -       X
  fiReleaseTime         TDRL  -     TJvID3TimestampFrame        -       -       X
  fiReverb              RVRB  REV   -                           X       X       X
  fiSeekFrame           SEEK  -     -                           -       -       X
  fiSetSubTitle         TSST  TSS   TJvID3TextFrame             -       -       X
  fiSignature           SIGN  -     -                           -       -       X
  fiSize                TSIZ  TSI   TJvID3NumberFrame           X       X       d
  fiSongLen             TLEN  TLE   TJvID3NumberFrame           X       X       X
  fiSubTitle            TIT3  TT3   TJvID3TextFrame             X       X       X
  fiSyncedLyrics        SYLT  SLT   -                           X       X       X
  fiSyncedTempo         SYTC  STC   -                           X       X       X
  fiTaggingTime         TDTG  -     TJvID3TimestampFrame        -       -       X
  fiTermsOfUse          USER  -     TJvID3TermsOfUseFrame       -       X       X
  fiTime                TIME  TIM   TJvID3TextFrame             X       X       d
  fiTitle               TIT2  TT2   TJvID3TextFrame             X       X       X
  fiTitleSortOrder      TSOT  -     TJvID3TextFrame             -       -       X
  fiTrackNum            TRCK  TRK   TJvID3TextFrame             X       X       X
  fiUniqueFileID        UFID  UFI   -                           X       X       X
  fiUnsyncedLyrics      USLT  ULT   TJvID3ContentFrame          X       X       X
  fiUserText            TXXX  TXX   TJvID3UserFrame             X       X       X
  fiVolumeAdj           RVAD  RVA   -                           X       X       d
  fiVolumeAdj2          RVA2  -     -                           -       -       X
  fiWWWArtist           WOAR  WAR   TJvID3URLFrame              X       X       X
  fiWWWAudioFile        WOAF  WAF   TJvID3URLFrame              X       X       X
  fiWWWAudioSource      WOAS  WAS   TJvID3URLFrame              X       X       X
  fiWWWCommercialInfo   WCOM  WCM   TJvID3URLFrame              X       X       X
  fiWWWCopyright        WCOP  WCP   TJvID3URLFrame              X       X       X
  fiWWWPayment          WPAY  WPY   TJvID3URLFrame              X       X       X
  fiWWWPublisher        WPUB  WPB   TJvID3URLFrame              X       X       X
  fiWWWRadioPage        WORS  WRA   TJvID3URLFrame              X       X       X
  fiWWWUser             WXXX  WXX   TJvID3URLUserFrame          X       X       X
  fiYear                TYER  TYE   TJvID3NumberFrame           X       X       d
  </TABLE>

  Sorted by frame name:
  <TABLE>
  TJvID3FrameID         Name  v2.2  Implemented By              v2.2  v2.3   v2.4
  -------------         ====  ====  --------------              ====  ====   ====
  fiAudioCrypto         AENC  CRA   TJvID3AudioEncryptionFrame  X       X       X
  fiPicture             APIC  PIC   TJvID3PictureFrame          X       X       X
  fiAudioSeekPoint      ASPI  -     -                           -       -       X
  fiMetaCompressio      -     CDM   -                           X       -       -
  fiComment             COMM  COM   TJvID3ContentFrame          X       X       X
  fiCommercial          COMR  -     -                           -       X       X
  fiMetaCrypto          -     CRM   -                           X       -       -
  fiCryptoReg           ENCR  -     -                           -       X       X
  fiEqualization2       EQU2  -     -                           -       -       X
  fiEqualization        EQUA  EQU   -                           X       X       d
  fiEventTiming         ETCO  ETC   -                           X       X       X
  fiGeneralObject       GEOB  GEO   TJvID3GeneralObjFrame       X       X       X
  fiGroupingReg         GRID  -     -                           -       X       X
  fiInvolvedPeople      IPLS  IPL   TJvID3DoubleListFrame       X       X       d
  fiLinkedInfo          LINK  LNK   -                           X       X       X
  fiCDID                MCDI  MCI   TJvID3BinaryFrame           X       X       X
  fiMPEGLookup          MLLT  MLL   -                           X       X       X
  fiOwnership           OWNE  -     TJvID3OwnershipFrame        -       X       X
  fiPlayCounter         PCNT  CNT   TJvID3PlayCounterFrame      X       X       X
  fiPopularimeter       POPM  POP   TJvID3PopularimeterFrame    X       X       X
  fiPositionsync        POSS  -     -                           -       X       X
  fiPrivate             PRIV  -     -                           -       X       X
  fiBufferSize          RBUF  BUF   -                           X       X       X
  fiVolumeAdj2          RVA2  -     -                           -       -       X
  fiVolumeAdj           RVAD  RVA   -                           X       X       d
  fiReverb              RVRB  REV   -                           X       X       X
  fiSeekFrame           SEEK  -     -                           -       -       X
  fiSignature           SIGN  -     -                           -       -       X
  fiSyncedLyrics        SYLT  SLT   -                           X       X       X
  fiSyncedTempo         SYTC  STC   -                           X       X       X
  fiAlbum               TALB  TAL   TJvID3TextFrame             X       X       X
  fiBPM                 TBPM  TBP   TJvID3NumberFrame           X       X       X
  fiComposer            TCOM  TCM   TJvID3SimpleListFrame       X       X       X
  fiContentType         TCON  TCO   TJvID3TextFrame             X       X       X
  fiCopyright           TCOP  TCR   TJvID3TextFrame             X       X       X
  fiDate                TDAT  TDA   TJvID3TextFrame             X       X       d
  fiEncodingTime        TDEN  -     TJvID3TimeStampFrame        -       -       X
  fiPlaylistDelay       TDLY  TDY   TJvID3NumberFrame           X       X       X
  fiOrigReleaseTime     TDOR  -     TJvID3TimeStampFrame        -       -       X
  fiRecordingTime       TDRC  -     TJvID3TimeStampFrame        -       -       X
  fiReleaseTime         TDRL  -     TJvID3TimeStampFrame        -       -       X
  fiTaggingTime         TDTG  -     TJvID3TimeStampFrame        -       -       X
  fiEncodedBy           TENC  TEN   TJvID3TextFrame             X       X       X
  fiLyricist            TEXT  TXT   TJvID3SimpleListFrame       X       X       X
  fiFileType            TFLT  TFT   TJvID3TextFrame             X       X       X
  fiTime                TIME  TIM   TJvID3TextFrame             X       X       d
  fiInvolvedPeople2     TIPL  -     TJvID3DoubleListFrame       -       -       X
  fiContentGroup        TIT1  TT1   TJvID3TextFrame             X       X       X
  fiTitle               TIT2  TT2   TJvID3TextFrame             X       X       X
  fiSubTitle            TIT3  TT3   TJvID3TextFrame             X       X       X
  fiInitialKey          TKEY  TKE   TJvID3TextFrame             X       X       X
  fiLanguage            TLAN  TLA   TJvID3SimpleListFrame       X       X       X
  fiSongLen             TLEN  TLE   TJvID3NumberFrame           X       X       X
  fiMusicianCreditList  TMCL  -     TJvID3DoubleListFrame       -       -       X
  fiMediaType           TMED  TMT   TJvID3TextFrame             X       X       X
  fiMood                TMOO  -     TJvID3TextFrame             -       -       X
  fiOrigAlbum           TOAL  TOT   TJvID3TextFrame             X       X       X
  fiOrigFileName        TOFN  TOF   TJvID3TextFrame             X       X       X
  fiOrigLyricist        TOLY  TOL   TJvID3SimpleListFrame       X       X       X
  fiOrigArtist          TOPE  TOA   TJvID3SimpleListFrame       X       X       X
  fiOrigYear            TORY  TOR   TJvID3NumberFrame           X       X       d
  fiFileOwner           TOWN  -     TJvID3TextFrame             -       X       X
  fiLeadArtist          TPE1  TP1   TJvID3SimpleListFrame       X       X       X
  fiBand                TPE2  TP2   TJvID3TextFrame             X       X       X
  fiConductor           TPE3  TP3   TJvID3TextFrame             X       X       X
  fiMixArtist           TPE4  TP4   TJvID3TextFrame             X       X       X
  fiPartInSet           TPOS  TPA   TJvID3TextFrame             X       X       X
  fiProducedNotice      TPRO  -     TJvID3TextFrame             -       -       X
  fiPublisher           TPUB  TPB   TJvID3TextFrame             X       X       X
  fiTrackNum            TRCK  TRK   TJvID3TextFrame             X       X       X
  fiRecordingDates      TRDA  TRD   TJvID3TextFrame             X       X       d
  fiNetRadioStation     TRSN  TRN   TJvID3TextFrame             X       X       X
  fiNetRadioOwner       TRSO  TRO   TJvID3TextFrame             X       X       X
  fiSize                TSIZ  TSI   TJvID3NumberFrame           X       X       d
  fiAlbumSortOrder      TSOA  -     TJvID3TextFrame             -       -       X
  fiPerformerSortOrder  TSOP  -     TJvID3TextFrame             -       -       X
  fiTitleSortOrder      TSOT  -     TJvID3TextFrame             -       -       X
  fiISRC                TSRC  TRC   TJvID3TextFrame             X       X       X
  fiEncoderSettings     TSSE  -     TJvID3TextFrame             -       X       X
  fiSetSubTitle         TSST  TSS   TJvID3TextFrame             -       -       X
  fiUserText            TXXX  TXX   TJvID3UserFrame             X       X       X
  fiYear                TYER  TYE   TJvID3NumberFrame           X       X       d
  fiUniqueFileID        UFID  UFI   -                           X       X       X
  fiTermsOfUse          USER  -     TJvID3TermsOfUseFrame       -       X       X
  fiUnsyncedLyrics      USLT  ULT   TJvID3ContentFrame          X       X       X
  fiWWWCommercialInfo   WCOM  WCM   TJvID3URLFrame              X       X       X
  fiWWWCopyright        WCOP  WCP   TJvID3URLFrame              X       X       X
  fiWWWAudioFile        WOAF  WAF   TJvID3URLFrame              X       X       X
  fiWWWArtist           WOAR  WAR   TJvID3URLFrame              X       X       X
  fiWWWAudioSource      WOAS  WAS   TJvID3URLFrame              X       X       X
  fiWWWRadioPage        WORS  WRA   TJvID3URLFrame              X       X       X
  fiWWWPayment          WPAY  WPY   TJvID3URLFrame              X       X       X
  fiWWWPublisher        WPUB  WPB   TJvID3URLFrame              X       X       X
  fiWWWUser             WXXX  WXX   TJvID3URLUserFrame          X       X       X
  </TABLE>

  Sorted by implemented by:
  <TABLE>
  TJvID3FrameID         Name  v2.2  Implemented By              v2.2  v2.3   v2.4
  -------------         ====  ====  --------------              ====  ====   ====
  fiAudioCrypto         AENC  CRA   TJvID3AudioEncryptionFrame  X       X       X
  fiCDID                MCDI  MCI   TJvID3BinaryFrame           X       X       X
  fiComment             COMM  COM   TJvID3ContentFrame          X       X       X
  fiUnsyncedLyrics      USLT  ULT   TJvID3ContentFrame          X       X       X
  fiInvolvedPeople      IPLS  IPL   TJvID3DoubleListFrame       X       X       d
  fiInvolvedPeople2     TIPL  -     TJvID3DoubleListFrame       -       -       X
  fiMusicianCreditList  TMCL  -     TJvID3DoubleListFrame       -       -       X
  fiGeneralObject       GEOB  GEO   TJvID3GeneralObjFrame       X       X       X
  fiBPM                 TBPM  TBP   TJvID3NumberFrame           X       X       X
  fiOrigYear            TORY  TOR   TJvID3NumberFrame           X       X       d
  fiPlaylistDelay       TDLY  TDY   TJvID3NumberFrame           X       X       X
  fiSize                TSIZ  TSI   TJvID3NumberFrame           X       X       d
  fiSongLen             TLEN  TLE   TJvID3NumberFrame           X       X       X
  fiYear                TYER  TYE   TJvID3NumberFrame           X       X       d
  fiOwnership           OWNE  -     TJvID3OwnershipFrame        -       X       X
  fiPicture             APIC  PIC   TJvID3PictureFrame          X       X       X
  fiPlayCounter         PCNT  CNT   TJvID3PlayCounterFrame      X       X       X
  fiPopularimeter       POPM  POP   TJvID3PopularimeterFrame    X       X       X
  fiComposer            TCOM  TCM   TJvID3SimpleListFrame       X       X       X
  fiLanguage            TLAN  TLA   TJvID3SimpleListFrame       X       X       X
  fiLeadArtist          TPE1  TP1   TJvID3SimpleListFrame       X       X       X
  fiLyricist            TEXT  TXT   TJvID3SimpleListFrame       X       X       X
  fiOrigArtist          TOPE  TOA   TJvID3SimpleListFrame       X       X       X
  fiOrigLyricist        TOLY  TOL   TJvID3SimpleListFrame       X       X       X
  fiNoFrame             -     -     TJvID3SkipFrame
  fiTermsOfUse          USER  -     TJvID3TermsOfUseFrame       -       X       X
  fiAlbum               TALB  TAL   TJvID3TextFrame             X       X       X
  fiAlbumSortOrder      TSOA  -     TJvID3TextFrame             -       -       X
  fiBand                TPE2  TP2   TJvID3TextFrame             X       X       X
  fiConductor           TPE3  TP3   TJvID3TextFrame             X       X       X
  fiContentGroup        TIT1  TT1   TJvID3TextFrame             X       X       X
  fiContentType         TCON  TCO   TJvID3TextFrame             X       X       X
  fiCopyright           TCOP  TCR   TJvID3TextFrame             X       X       X
  fiDate                TDAT  TDA   TJvID3TextFrame             X       X       d
  fiEncodedBy           TENC  TEN   TJvID3TextFrame             X       X       X
  fiEncoderSettings     TSSE  -     TJvID3TextFrame             -       X       X
  fiFileOwner           TOWN  -     TJvID3TextFrame             -       X       X
  fiFileType            TFLT  TFT   TJvID3TextFrame             X       X       X
  fiISRC                TSRC  TRC   TJvID3TextFrame             X       X       X
  fiInitialKey          TKEY  TKE   TJvID3TextFrame             X       X       X
  fiMediaType           TMED  TMT   TJvID3TextFrame             X       X       X
  fiMixArtist           TPE4  TP4   TJvID3TextFrame             X       X       X
  fiMood                TMOO  -     TJvID3TextFrame             -       -       X
  fiNetRadioOwner       TRSO  TRO   TJvID3TextFrame             X       X       X
  fiNetRadioStation     TRSN  TRN   TJvID3TextFrame             X       X       X
  fiOrigAlbum           TOAL  TOT   TJvID3TextFrame             X       X       X
  fiOrigFileName        TOFN  TOF   TJvID3TextFrame             X       X       X
  fiPartInSet           TPOS  TPA   TJvID3TextFrame             X       X       X
  fiPerformerSortOrder  TSOP  -     TJvID3TextFrame             -       -       X
  fiProducedNotice      TPRO  -     TJvID3TextFrame             -       -       X
  fiPublisher           TPUB  TPB   TJvID3TextFrame             X       X       X
  fiRecordingDates      TRDA  TRD   TJvID3TextFrame             X       X       d
  fiSetSubTitle         TSST  TSS   TJvID3TextFrame             -       -       X
  fiSubTitle            TIT3  TT3   TJvID3TextFrame             X       X       X
  fiTime                TIME  TIM   TJvID3TextFrame             X       X       d
  fiTitle               TIT2  TT2   TJvID3TextFrame             X       X       X
  fiTitleSortOrder      TSOT  -     TJvID3TextFrame             -       -       X
  fiTrackNum            TRCK  TRK   TJvID3TextFrame             X       X       X
  fiEncodingTime        TDEN  -     TJvID3TimestampFrame        -       -       X
  fiOrigReleaseTime     TDOR  -     TJvID3TimestampFrame        -       -       X
  fiRecordingTime       TDRC  -     TJvID3TimestampFrame        -       -       X
  fiReleaseTime         TDRL  -     TJvID3TimestampFrame        -       -       X
  fiTaggingTime         TDTG  -     TJvID3TimestampFrame        -       -       X
  fiWWWArtist           WOAR  WAR   TJvID3URLFrame              X       X       X
  fiWWWAudioFile        WOAF  WAF   TJvID3URLFrame              X       X       X
  fiWWWAudioSource      WOAS  WAS   TJvID3URLFrame              X       X       X
  fiWWWCommercialInfo   WCOM  WCM   TJvID3URLFrame              X       X       X
  fiWWWCopyright        WCOP  WCP   TJvID3URLFrame              X       X       X
  fiWWWPayment          WPAY  WPY   TJvID3URLFrame              X       X       X
  fiWWWPublisher        WPUB  WPB   TJvID3URLFrame              X       X       X
  fiWWWRadioPage        WORS  WRA   TJvID3URLFrame              X       X       X
  fiWWWUser             WXXX  WXX   TJvID3URLUserFrame          X       X       X
  fiUserText            TXXX  TXX   TJvID3UserFrame             X       X       X
  </TABLE>
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
