##Package: StdCtrls
##Status: Completed,Checked (peter3)
##Skip: TJvLinkedControls.Add
##Skip: TJvLinkedControls.Items
##Skip: TJvLinkedControls.Notification
##Skip: TJvLinkedControls.OnChange
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@JvLinkedControls.pas
Summary
  Contains the TJvLinkedControls support class.
<INCLUDE JVCL.UnitText.dtx>
Author
  Peter Thörnqvist
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvLinkedControl
Summary
  An item in a TJvLinkedControls collection.
Description
  TJvLinkedControl is the type of the Items property of TJvLinkedControls. It has properties that specifies
  which control it is linked to and options for how the control should be managed.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvLinkedControl.Control
Summary
  Specifies the control this item is linked to.
Description
  Set Control to a TControl or descendant on the form that you want to link.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvLinkedControl.Options
Summary
  Specifies how the linked control is affected by changes to the owning control.
Description
  Use options to specify how Control is modified when the owning control's enabled and/Or checked state changes.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvLinkedControls
Summary
  Maintains a list of linked controls.
Description
  TJvLinkedControls is used as a support class for controls that want to modify the Enabled state of other
  controls when its own properties changes. TJvLinkedControls cannot be used by itself: it must be
  associated with an owning control.

  To add support for TJvLinkedControls to a control, you should:
    * Declare a pubished property of type TJvLinkedControls
    * Create the TJvLinkedControls instance in the constructor and set the AControl parameter of TJvLinkedControls.Create to self.
    * Destroy the TJvLinkedControls instance in the destructor.
    * Override the control's Notification procedure and call TJvLinkedControls.Notification.
    * Implement a method that iterates the list of linked controls when the Enabled state of
      the linked controls needs to be checked or changed.

  For examples of controls using TJvLinkedControls, see TJvCheckBox and TJvRadioButton.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvLinkedControls.RestoreEnabled
Summary
  Specifies whether the enabled state of linked controls are restored when the linked control is removed or
  replaced.
Description
  Use RestoreEnabled to specify whether the Enabled state of linked controls is restored when the linked Control
  is removed from the list or replaced by another Control. When RestoreEnabled is true, the Enabled state
  is set to the same value as it was at the time the control was assigned. If false, the control's current
  Enabled state is left untouched.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvLinkedControlsOption
<TITLE TJvLinkedControlsOption type>
Summary
  Defines the available linking options for a linked control in a TJvLinkedControl.
Description
  TJvLinkedControlsOption defines the options available for how the Enabled state of a
  linked control is modified when the Enabled and/or Checked state of the owning control
  changes.
@@TJvLinkedControlsOption.loLinkChecked
  Link the Checked state of the owning control to the Enabled state of the linked control.
@@TJvLinkedControlsOption.loLinkEnabled
  Link the Enabled state of the owning control to the Enabled state of the linked control.
@@TJvLinkedControlsOption.loInvertChecked
  Changes the result of the loLinkChecked test, that is, when the owning controls
  Checked state is false, the linked control is enabled and vice versa.
@@TJvLinkedControlsOption.loLinkEnabled
  Changes the result of the loLinkEnabled test, that is, when the owning controls
  Enabled state is false, the linked control is enabled and vice versa.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvLinkedControlsOptions
<TITLE TJvLinkedControlsOptions type>
<COMBINE TJvLinkedControlsOption>
