----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@JvPerforated.pas
<GROUP JVCL.FileRef>
Summary
  Contains the TJvPerforated component.
<INCLUDE JVCL.UnitText.dtx>
Author
  Sébastien Buysse
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvPerforated
<TITLEIMG TJvPerforated>
JVCLInfo
  GROUP=JVCL.??
  FLAG=Component
Summary
  Makes a hole in the form.
Description
  This is a visual component. If Transparent is set to True the region of the component
  is no longer considered a part of the form. I.e. firstly, you can look though the form.
  In addition, if you click "into the hole" the underlying, visible window becomes
  active. So be careful setting Transparent to True while being in design mode. It may become impossible
  to click at the component (thus you'd have to use the object inspector which is time consuming)!
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvPerforated.Resize
Summary
  Write here a summary (1 line)
Description
  Write here a description
Parameters
  None.
See Also
  List here other properties, methods (comma seperated)
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvPerforated.Transparent
Summary
  Write here a summary (1 line)
Description
  Activate the function of this component by setting it to True. False deactivates the behavior and
  the component becomes a custom panel.
See Also
