##Package: StdCtrls
##Status: Completed
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@JvRichEdit.pas
Summary
  Contains the TJvRichEdit component.
<INCLUDE JVCL.UnitText.dtx>
Author
  Fedor Koshevnikov, Igor Pavluk and Serge Korolev
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@BitmapToRTF
<TITLE BitmapToRTF procedure>
Summary
  Converts a bitmap to rich text format.
Description
  Use the BitmapToRTF or BitmapToRTF2 procedures to insert bitmaps in a rich edit control.
  BitmapToRTF2 returns true if the bitmap is written to stream as RTF, or false if an error
  occured.

  For example, to replace the selected text with a bitmap, do the following:
  <AUTOLINK OFF>
  <CODE>
      Stream := TMemoryStream.Create;
      try
        BitmapToRTF(SomeBitmap, Stream);
        Stream.Position := 0;

        JvRichEdit1.StreamFormat := sfRichText;
        JvRichEdit1.StreamMode := [smSelection, smPlainRtf];
        JvRichEdit1.Lines.LoadFromStream(Stream);
      finally
        Stream.Free;
      end;
  </CODE>
  </AUTOLINK ON>

  * if you stream out the RTF content of the rich edit control, the bitmaps
      are <i>not</i> included. Use <LINK TJvCustomRichEdit.InsertBitmap,InsertBitmap> if
      you want the bitmaps to be included in the streamed out RTF data.
  * <LINK TJvRichEdit.AllowObjects> must be set to true.
  * BitmapToRTF is the fastest, <LINK TJvCustomRichEdit.InsertBitmap,InsertBitmap> the slowest.
Parameters
  ABitmap - The bitmap to convert.
  AStream - Stream where to save the RTF data to.
See Also
  <LINK TJvRichEdit>, <LINK TJvCustomRichEdit.InsertBitmap,InsertBitmap>
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@BitmapToRTF2
<TITLE BitmapToRTF2 function>
<COMBINE BitmapToRTF>
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@RichEditVersion
<TITLE RichEditVersion variable>
Summary
  Indicates the rich edit controls version.
Description
  \Read the RichEditVersion variable to determine the rich edit controls version on the current system.

  The following list describes which versions of Rich Edit are included in which releases of Microsoft Windows:
  <TABLE>
  ----------------  ------------------------------------------------------------------
  Windows XP SP1    Includes Rich Edit 4.1, Rich Edit 3.0, and a Rich Edit 1.0 emulator.
  Windows XP        Includes Rich Edit 3.0 with a Rich Edit 1.0 emulator.
  Windows Me        Includes Rich Edit 1.0 and 3.0.
  Windows 2000      Includes Rich Edit 3.0 with a Rich Edit 1.0 emulator.
  Windows NT 4.0    Includes Rich Edit 1.0 and 2.0.
  Windows 98        Includes Rich Edit 1.0 and 2.0.
  Windows 95        Includes only Rich Edit 1.0. However, Riched20.dll is compatible with Windows 95 and
                     may be installed by an application that requires it.
  </TABLE>
Note
  TJvRichEdit does <i>not</i> support Rich Edit 4.1, thus RichEditVersion can only have value 1, 2 or 3.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@THeadingStyle
<TITLE THeadingStyle type>
Summary
  Write here a summary (1 line)
Description
  You don't have to document already described items such as sets,
  pointers to records etc.
(Value = 0..9; - for reference)
See Also
  List here other properties, methods (comma seperated)
  Remove the 'See Also' section if there are no references
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvConsistentAttribute
<TITLE TJvConsistentAttribute type>
Summary
  Identifies specific properties of a TJvTextAttributes object.
Description
  The TJvConsistentAttribute type is used to identify a specific property of a TJvTextAttributes object.

  TJvConsistentAttributes is a set of TJvConsistentAttribute values.
@@TJvConsistentAttribute.caBold
  The Style property, specifically the fsBold value.
@@TJvConsistentAttribute.caColor
  The Color property.
@@TJvConsistentAttribute.caFace
  The Name property.
@@TJvConsistentAttribute.caItalic
  The Style property, specifically the fsItalic value.
@@TJvConsistentAttribute.caSize
  The Size property.
@@TJvConsistentAttribute.caStrikeOut
  The Style property, specifically the fsStrikeOut value.
@@TJvConsistentAttribute.caUnderline
  The Style property, specifically the fsUnderline value.
@@TJvConsistentAttribute.caProtected
  The Protected property.
@@TJvConsistentAttribute.caOffset
  The Offset property.
@@TJvConsistentAttribute.caHidden
  The Hidden property.
@@TJvConsistentAttribute.caLink
  The Link property.
@@TJvConsistentAttribute.caBackColor
  The BackColor property.
@@TJvConsistentAttribute.caDisabled
  The Disabled property.
@@TJvConsistentAttribute.caWeight
  ??
@@TJvConsistentAttribute.caSubscript
  The SubscriptStyle property.
@@TJvConsistentAttribute.caRevAuthor
  The RevAuthorIndex property.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvConsistentAttributes
<TITLE TJvConsistentAttributes type>
<COMBINE TJvConsistentAttribute>
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvCustomRichEdit
Summary
  Base type for rich edit controls such as TJvRichEdit.
Description
  TJvCustomRichEdit introduces new properties and methods to expand the capabilities of TCustomMemo
  for rich text.
See Also
  TJvRichEdit
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvCustomRichEdit.AboutJVCL
  <INCLUDE JVCL.Main.AboutJVCL.dtx>
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvCustomRichEdit.AddFormatText
Summary
  Appends formatted text.
Description
  Call AddFormatText to append formatted text to the content of the rich edit control.
Note
  This procedure does not reset the attributes after the call, i.e if you change the text color
  it will remain that color until you change it again.
Parameters
  S     - Specifies the string to insert.
  AFont - Specifies the font to use. If AFont = nil, then the current attributes at the insertion
           point are used.
See Also
  <LINK InsertBitmap>, <LINK InsertFormatText>
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvCustomRichEdit.AllowInPlace
Summary
  Specifies whether to support in-place activation of objects.
Description
  Set AllowInPlace to True to support in-place activation of objects.

  In-place activation allows an object within a container application to be edited without leaving
  the application. For instance, in a rich edit control's document you might want to open a spreadsheet
  and a little window opens up allowing you to edit the numberical cells. In-Place Activation bring
  editing tools into the container instead of having to return to the editor to modify the object.
See Also
  AllowObjects
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvCustomRichEdit.AllowObjects
Summary
  Specifies whether the rich edit control can include embedded COM objects.
Description
  Use AllowObjects to specify whether the rich edit control can include embedded Component Object
  Model (COM) objects.
See Also
  AllowInPlace, Title
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvCustomRichEdit.AutoURLDetect
Summary
  Specifies whether the auto URL detection is turned on in the rich edit control.
Description
  Use AutoURLDetect to turn the auto URL detection on or off in the rich edit control.

  When auto URL detection is on, the rich edit control is constantly checking typed text for a
  valid URL. The control recognizes URLs that start with these prefixes:

  * http:
  * file:
  * mailto:
  * ftp:
  * https:
  * gopher:
  * nntp:
  * prospero:
  * telnet:
  * news:
  * wais:
  * outlook:

  The control also recognizes standard path names that start with \\.
Note
  RichEdit 2.0.
See Also
  OnURLClick
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvCustomRichEdit.AutoVerbMenu
Summary
  Indicates whether to automatically display a verb menu when the user right-clicks an object.
Description
  Set AutoVerbMenu to True, to automatically display a menu listing the verbs available for an object
  if the user right-clicks or otherwise invokes a popup menu for that object in the rich edit control.

  If the user selects a verb from the popup menu, the rich edit control executes the action associated
  with that verb.
See Also
  AllowObjects
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvCustomRichEdit.CanFindNext
Summary
  Indicates whether the performed search can be repeated.
Description
  \Read CanFindNext to determine whether the search, initiated by a call to FindDialog can be repeated.
  For example, you can use CanFindNext to disable or enable a 'Find Next' menu item.
See Also
  FindNext, <LINK TJvCustomRichEdit.FindText,FindText>
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvCustomRichEdit.CanPaste
Summary
  Indicates whether the rich edit control can paste.
Description
  \Read CanPaste to determine whether the control can paste any format currently on the clipboard.
See Also
  CanPaste
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvCustomRichEdit.CanRedo
Summary
  Indicates whether there are any actions in the control \redo queue.
Description
  If CanRedo is True, there are actions in the control \redo queue. If CanRedo is False, the \redo queue
  is empty

  To \redo the most recent undo operation, call Redo.
See Also
  CanPaste, RedoName, UndoName, Redo, Undo
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvCustomRichEdit.ClearUndo
Summary
  Empties all undo and \redo buffers.
Description
  Call ClearUndo to empty all undo and \redo buffers.
See Also
  CanUndo, Undo
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvCustomRichEdit.DefAttributes
Summary
  Describes the rich text characteristics of the default font for the rich edit control.
Description
  See Delphi help for more info.

  DefAttributes is a TJvTextAttributes object, that works the same as the VCL's TTextAttributes object,
  and introduces some more properties. See TJvTextAttributes for an overview of these new properties.
See Also
  SelAttributes, TJvTextAttributes, WordAttributes
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvCustomRichEdit.DefaultJvConverter
Summary
  Specifies the class of the TConversion object that is used to convert between native file format
  and the internal format of a rich text control when working with files that do not have a registered extension.
Description
  Use DefaultJvConverter to specify the type of conversion to use when streaming text to or from files
  that do not have a registered extension. If DefaultJvConverter is not set, TJvCustomRichEdit uses
  TConversion, which performs no actual conversion. TJvCustomRichEdit encodes text attributes in
  rich-text format (RTF). Thus, unrecognized file extensions lead to no conversion, which works
  for files that contain plain text or any subset of RTF format.

  To support streaming to or from files that encode rich text characteristics in some other format,
  register a conversion format with the file extension used by those files. Use DefaultJvConverter
  only to change the conversion that is used for unrecognized file extensions.
Note
  Use the Lines property to stream the text to or from a file.
See Also
  Lines, RegisterConversionFormat, TJvOEMConversion
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvCustomRichEdit.FindDialog
Summary
  Displays the Find Text dialog box.
Description
  Call FindDialog to display the Find Text dialog box, that prompts the user for a search string. If
  the user presses the Find Next button, a search for the entered search string is performed. If the
  search string is found the rich edit control selects the found string. If the search string is <i>not</i>
  found an OnTextNotFound event is fired. If the user closes the dialog an OnCloseFindDialog is fired.
Note
  If HideSelection is set to True (as is the default), you won't see the highlighted string, because
  the Find Text dialog will have the focus. You might want to set HideSelection to False before calling
  FindDialog, and set it to it's old value in an OnCloseFindDialog event handler.
Parameters
  SearchStr - Default search string that appears in the edit box when the dialog opens.
Return value
  \Returns a reference to the created Find Text dialog.
See Also
  <LINK TJvCustomRichEdit.CanFindNext,CanFindNext>,
  FindNext, <LINK TJvCustomRichEdit.FindText,FindText>, HideSelection, OnCloseFindDialog, OnTextNotFound,
  <LINK TJvCustomRichEdit.ReplaceDialog,ReplaceDialog>
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvCustomRichEdit.FindNext
Summary
  Searches again for the string specified by the user in the Find Text or Replace Text dialog.
Description
  Call \FindNext to search for the next string - specified by the user in the Find Text or Replace
  Text dialog - in the text of the rich edit control.

  For example, you can call this method when the user presses a 'Find Next' menu item. You can check
  CanFindNext, to check whether a find next operation can be performed. Note that if a Replace Text
  dialog is displayed, calling \FindNext doesn't perform a replace operation, it just searches for the
  next string. Also note that if the user closes the dialog, a find next operation can still be performed.
Return value
  \Returns True if the search text could be found, otherwise returns False.
See Also
  <LINK TJvCustomRichEdit.CanFindNext,CanFindNext>,
  <LINK TJvCustomRichEdit.FindDialog,FindDialog>,
  <LINK TJvCustomRichEdit.FindText,FindText>,
  <LINK TJvCustomRichEdit.ReplaceDialog,ReplaceDialog>
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvCustomRichEdit.FindText
Summary
  Searches a given range in the text for a target string.
Description
  Use FindText to search a range of text in the rich edit control for the string specified by the SearchStr
  parameter. Only the text in the range starting at the position StartPos and continuing through the next
  Length positions will be searched.

  Use FindText rather than programmatically searching through the text of the control, to keep from being
  thrown off by the encoding of rich text characteristics.

  Use Options to specify whether to

  * Search only for whole words that match the search string.
  * Perform a case-sensitive or case-insensitive search operation.
  * Search backward or forward.
  * Select the found text, and scroll it into view.
Parameters
  SearchStr - Specifies the string to find.
  StartPos  - Indicates the beginning of the range of text that should be searched, where 0 is the first
               character in the text.
  Length    - Indicates the length of the text that should be searched.
  Options   - Specifies the parameters of the search operation.
Return value
  \Returns the position of the search string, where 0 is the position of the first character in the rich
  edit control (as opposed to the first position in the search range). If the search string does not
  appear in the indicated range, FindText returns -1.
See Also
  <LINK TJvCustomRichEdit.CanFindNext,CanFindNext>, <LINK TJvCustomRichEdit.FindDialog,FindDialog>, FindNext
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvCustomRichEdit.GetCharPos
Summary
  Retrieves the client area coordinates of a specified character in the rich edit control.
Description
  A returned coordinate can be a negative value if the specified character is not displayed in the edit
  control's client area. The coordinates are truncated to integer values.

  If the character is a line delimiter, the returned coordinates indicate a point just beyond the last
  visible character in the line. If the specified index is greater than the index of the last character
  in the control, the returned coordinates indicate the position just past the last character in the control.
Parameters
  CharIndex - Specifies the zero-based index of the character.
Return value
  \Return value is of type TPoint, and contains the client area coordinates of the character.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvCustomRichEdit.GetLineIndex
Summary
  Retrieves the character index of the first character of a specific line.
Description
  Call GetLineIndex to retrieve the character index of the first character of the line specified by
  the LineNo parameter in the rich edit control. A character index is the zero-based index of the
  character from the beginning of the control.
Parameters
  LineNo - Specifies the zero-based line number. A value of –1 specifies the current line number
            (the line that contains the caret).
Return value
  \Returns the character index of the line specified in the LineNo parameter, or –1 if the specified
  line number is greater than the number of lines in the rich edit control.
See Also
  GetLineIndex, GetLineLength
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvCustomRichEdit.GetLineLength
Summary
  Retrieves the length, in characters, of a specific line.
Description
  Call GetLineLength to retrieve the length, in characters, of a line in the rich edit control.
  Alternatively, call GetLineIndex to retrieve a character index for a given line number.

  If you set parameter CharIndex to -1, GetLineLength returns the number of unselected characters on
  lines containg selected characters. For example, if the selection extended from the fourth character
  of one line through the eighth character from the end of the next line, the return value would be
  10 (three characters on the first line and seven on the next).

  Retrieve the length of the current line:
  <AUTOLINK OFF>
  <CODE>
    LengthCurrentLine := JvRichEdit1.GetLineLength(JvRichEdit1.GetLineIndex(-1));
  </CODE>
  <AUTOLINK ON>
Parameters
  CharIndex - Specifies the character index of a character in the line whose length is to be retrieved.
               This parameter can be –1. In this case, GetLineLength returns the number of unselected
               characters on lines containing selected characters.
Return value
  \Returns the length, in characters, of the line specified by the
  CharIndex parameter. It does not include the carriage-return character at the end of the line.
  If CharIndex is greater than the number of characters in the control, the return value is zero.
See Also
  GetLineIndex
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvCustomRichEdit.GetSelection
Summary
  Retrieves the starting and ending character positions of the selection.
Description
  Call GetSelection to retrieve the starting and ending character positions of the selection in the
  rich edit control.
Return value
  \Return value is of type TCharRange and contains the selection range.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvCustomRichEdit.GetTextRange
Summary
  Retrieves a specified range of characters from the rich edit control.
Description
  Call GetTextRange to retrieve a specified range of characters from the rich edit control.
Parameters
  StartPos - Indicates the beginning of the range of text, where 0 is the first character in the text.
  EndPos   - Indicates the end of the range of text, where 0 is the first character in the text.
Return value
  \Returns the specified range of characters as a string.
See Also
  CaretPos, Lines, SetSelection
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvCustomRichEdit.HideScrollBars
Summary
  Specifies whether to hide or disable scroll bars when they are not needed.
Description
  Set HideScrollBars to True to hide the scroll bars when they are not needed. Set HideScrollBars to
  False to disable them when they are not needed.

  HideScrollBars is default set to True.
See Also
  HideSelection, WordWrap, SelectionBar
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvCustomRichEdit.HideSelection
Summary
  Specifies whether to hide the selection when the control loses the input focus.
Description
  The default behavior of a rich edit control is to hide the selection when the control loses the input
  focus and to invert the selection when the control receives the input focus.

  Set HideSelection to False, to override this default behavior and to keep the selected text inverted,
  if the control does not have the focus.

  HideSelection is default set to True.
See Also
  HideScrollBars, WordWrap, SelectionBar
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvCustomRichEdit.HintColor
Summary
  Determines the color of the hint boxes for the Help Hints for the rich edit control.
Description
  Use HintColor to specify the hint box color. A default color value of clInfoBk is set for the
  HintColor property in the constructor when the application is created. To change the HintColor
  assign it a new TColor value.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvCustomRichEdit.InsertBitmap
Summary
  Inserts a bitmap at the current cursor position.
Description
  Call InsertBitmap to insert a bitmap at the current cursor position.
Note
  InsertBitmap is slower than <LINK BitmapToRTF> and <LINK BitmapToRTF2>, but only with InsertBitmap
  you can stream out RTF content that includes the inserted bitmaps.
Parameters
  ABitmap  - Specifies the bitmap to insert.
  Sizeable - Specifies whether the bitmap can be resized by the user.
See Also
  <LINK BitmapToRTF>, <LINK BitmapToRTF2>, <LINK InsertFormatText>
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvCustomRichEdit.InsertFormatText
Summary
  Inserts formatted text at a specific position.
Description
  Call InsertFormatText to insert formatted text at the cursor position given by parameter Index.
Note
  This procedure does not reset the attributes after the call, i.e if you change the text color
  it will remain that color until you change it again.
Parameters
  Index - The cursor position where the text will be inserted. If Index < 0, the text is inserted
           at the current SelStart position.
  S     - Specifies the string to insert
  AFont - Specifies the font to use. If AFont = nil, then the current attributes at the insertion
           point are used.
See Also
  <LINK AddFormatText>, <link InsertBitmap>
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvCustomRichEdit.InsertObjectDialog
Summary
  Displays the standard \Insert Object dialog box.
Description
  Call InsertObjectDialog to display the standard \Insert Object dialog box, which allows the user to
  select an object source and class name, as well as the option of displaying the object as itself or as an icon.
Note
  Property AllowObjects must be set to True, otherwise no dialog will be displayed.
Return value
  \Returns True if the dialog could be displayed and the user pressed the OK button,
  otherwise returns False.
See Also
  AllowObjects, ObjectPropertiesDialog, PasteSpecialDialog
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvCustomRichEdit.LangOptions
Summary
  Specifies the current language option settings.
Description
  Use LangOptions to retrieve or set the options for Input Method Editor (IME) and Asian language support
  in the rich edit control.

  Property LangOptions controls the following:

  * Automatic font binding.
  * Automatic keyboard switching.
  * Automatic font size adjustment.
  * Use of user-interface default fonts instead of document default fonts.
  * Notifications to client during IME composition.
  * How IME aborts composition mode.

  The IMF_AUTOFONT flag is set by default. The IMF_AUTOKEYBOARD and IMF_IMECANCELCOMPLETE flags are clear by default.
Note
  RichEdit 2.0.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvCustomRichEdit.LineFromChar
Summary
  \Returns which line contains the specified character.
Description
  Call LineFromChar to retrieve which line contains the character specified by parameter CharIndex
  in the rich edit control.
Parameters
  CharIndex - Zero-based index of the character.
Return value
  \Returns the zero-based index of the line.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvCustomRichEdit.Lines
Summary
  Contains the individual lines of text in the rich text edit control.
Description
  See Delphi help for more info.
See Also
  SelText
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvCustomRichEdit.ObjectPropertiesDialog
Summary
  Displays the Object Properties dialog box.
Description
  Call ObjectPropertiesDialog to display the Object Properties dialog box, which displays General,
  View, and Link information about an object.
Note
  Property AllowObjects must be set to True, otherwise no dialog will be displayed.
Return value
  \Returns True if the dialog could be displayed and the user pressed the OK button,
  otherwise returns False.
See Also
  AllowObjects, InsertObjectDialog, PasteSpecialDialog
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvCustomRichEdit.OnCloseFindDialog
Summary
  Occurs when the Find Text or Replace Text dialog box closes.
Description
  Write an OnCloseFindDialog event handler to perform special processing when the Find Text or Replace
  Text dialog box closes.

  The Find dialog can be displayed by a call to FindDialog. The Replace Text dialog can be displayed by
  a call to ReplaceDialog.

  \Example:
  <CODE>
  procedure TForm1.JvRichEdit1CloseFindDialog(Sender: TObject; Dialog: TFindDialog);
  begin
    with JvRichEdit1 do
      if CanFocus then
        SetFocus;
  end;
  </CODE>
Parameters
  Sender - Rich Edit control that has fired this event.
  Dialog - Specifies the Find Text or Replace Text dialog box.
See Also
  <LINK TJvCustomRichEdit.CanFindNext,CanFindNext>,
  <LINK TJvCustomRichEdit.FindDialog,FindDialog>,
  <LINK TJvCustomRichEdit.ReplaceDialog,ReplaceDialog>
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvCustomRichEdit.OnCtl3DChanged
Summary
  Occurs when the Ctl3D property of the rich edit control changes.
Description
  \Write an OnCtl3DChanged event handler to take specific action when the Ctl3D property changes.
See Also
  OnParentColorChange
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvCustomRichEdit.OnHorizontalScroll
Summary
  Occurs when the user scrolls the horizontal scroll bar with the mouse or keyboard.
Description
  \Write an OnHorizontalScroll event handler to respond when the user scrolls the horizontal scroll bar.
See Also
  OnVerticalScroll
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvCustomRichEdit.OnMouseEnter
Summary
  Occurs when the mouse pointer moves over the rich edit control.
Description
  \Write an OnMouseEnter event handler to take specific action when the user moves the mouse over the
  rich edit control.
See Also
  OnMouseLeave
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvCustomRichEdit.OnMouseLeave
Summary
  Occurs when the mouse pointer moves off the rich edit control.
Description
  \Write an OnMouseLeave event handler to take specific action when the user moves the mouse off the
  rich edit control. For example, you can use this event to undo changes that were made in an OnMouseEnter
  event handler.
See Also
  OnMouseEnter
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvCustomRichEdit.OnParentColorChange
Summary
  Occurs when the color property for the parent of the rich edit control changes.
Description
  \Write an OnParentColorChange event to take specific action when the ParentColor property changes.
See Also
  OnCtl3DChanged
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvCustomRichEdit.OnProtectChange
Summary
  Occurs when a user attempts to modify text that is marked as protected.
Description
  \Write an OnProtectChange event handler to allow modification of text with the protected attribute.
  The StartPos and EndPos parameters indicate the beginning and end of the range of text that would
  be affected by the modification, where 0 is the first character in the text. To allow modification
  of protected text, set AllowChange to True.

  To set or unset the protected attribute for a section of text, select the text and use the Protected
  property of the rich edit control’s <LINK TJvCustomRichEdit.SelAttributes,SelAttributes> property.
  To cause text to have the protected attribute by default, use the <LINK TJvTextAttributes.Protected,
  Protected> property of the rich edit object’s DefAttributes property.
Note
  Obsolete, use OnProtectChangeEx
See Also
  OnProtectChangeEx
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvCustomRichEdit.OnProtectChangeEx
Summary
  Occurs when a user attempts to modify text that is marked as protected.
Description
  \Write an OnProtectChange event handler to allow modification of text with the protected attribute.

  To allow modification of protected text, set AllowChange to True.

  To set or unset the protected attribute for a section of text, select the text and use the Protected
  property of the rich edit control’s <LINK TJvCustomRichEdit.SelAttributes,SelAttributes> property.
  To cause text to have the protected attribute by default, use the <LINK TJvTextAttributes.Protected,
  Protected> property of the rich edit object’s DefAttributes property.
Parameters
  Sender      - Rich Edit control that has fired this event.
  Msg         - Message that triggered the notification.
  StartPos    - Indicates the beginning of the range of text, that would
                 be affected by the modification, where 0 is the first character in the text.
  EndPos      - Indicates the end of the range of text, that would
                 be affected by the modification, where 0 is the first character in the text.
  AllowChange - Specifies whether to allow modification of protected text.
See Also
  TJvTextAttributes.Protected
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvCustomRichEdit.OnResizeRequest
Summary
  Occurs when the text has grown either smaller or larger than the control's window size.
Description
  \Write an OnResizeRequest event handler to respond to notifications that the rich edit control is trying
  to resize due to changes in the text. The Rect parameter gives the desired bounding rectangle that
  will display all the text, in screen coordinates.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvCustomRichEdit.OnSaveClipboard
Summary
  Occurs when the window of the rich edit control is about to be destroyed and the control has
  delayed rendering of text copied to the clipboard.
Description
  \Write an OnSaveClipboard event handler to respond to notifications that the window of the rich edit
  control is about to be destroyed and the Clipboard needs information from the control.
  The parameter NumObjects is the number of objects on the Clipboard, and NumChars is the number
  of characters on the Clipboard. To clear all information about the rich edit control from the Clipboard,
  set SaveClipboard to False.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvCustomRichEdit.OnSelectionChange
Summary
  Occurs when the current selection changes.
Description
  \Write an OnSelectionChange event handler to respond to changes in the selected text. Changes in
  selection can occur when the user changes the selection using the mouse or keyboard, or when the
  selection is changed through the SelText property. Portions of the selection can be changed through
  the Lines property.
See Also
  AutoSelect, ClearSelection, Lines, SelAttributes, SelStart, SelText, SetSelTextBuffer
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvCustomRichEdit.OnTextNotFound
Summary
  Occurs when the text entered by an user in a Find or Replace dialog could not be found.
Description
  \Write an OnTextNotFound event handler to respond when the text entered by an user - specified by
  parameter FindText - in a Find or Replace dialog could not be found.

  \Example:
  <AUTOLINK OFF>
  <CODE>
  procedure TForm1.JvRichEdit1TextNotFound(Sender: TObject;
    const FindText: string);
  begin
    MessageDlg(Format('Text "%s" not found.', [FindText]), mtWarning, [mbOK], 0);
  end;
  </CODE>
  <AUTOLINK ON>
Parameters
  Sender   - Rich Edit control that has fired this event.
  FindText - Specifies the text the user entered.
See Also
  <LINK TJvCustomRichEdit.FindDialog,FindDialog>,
  FindNext,
  <LINK TJvCustomRichEdit.ReplaceDialog,ReplaceDialog>
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvCustomRichEdit.OnURLClick
Summary
  Occurs when the user clicks the mouse when the mouse pointer is over text that is a link.
Description
  \Write an OnURLClick event handler to respond when the user clicks the mouse when the mouse pointer
  is over text that is marked as a link. Text that is marked as a link typically identifies a range of text
  that contains an URL. Applications can handle the OnURLClick event by For example starting a browser
  to view the location identified by the URL as specified by parameter URLText.

  To set or unset the link attribute for a section of text, select the text and use the
  <LINK TJvTextAttributes.Link,Link> property of the rich edit control’s
  <LINK TJvCustomRichEdit.SelAttributes,SelAttributes> property.

  If you set AutoURLDetect to True to enable automatic URL detection, the rich edit control
  automatically sets the link attribute for modified text that it identifies as a URL.

  \Example:
  <AUTOLINK OFF>
  <CODE>
  procedure TForm1.JvRichEdit1URLClick(Sender: TObject; const URLText: string;
    Button: TMouseButton);
  begin
    if Button = mbLeft then
      ShellExecute(Handle, nil, PChar(URLText), nil, nil, SW_SHOW);
  end;
  </CODE>
  <AUTOLINK ON>
Parameters
  Sender  - Rich Edit control that has fired this event.
  URLText - Specifies the text with the link attribute the user clicked.
  Button  - Identifies the mouse button the user used to click the text.
Note
  Rich Edit 2.0
See Also
  AutoURLDetect, Link
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvCustomRichEdit.OnVerticalScroll
Summary
  Occurs when the user scrolls the vertical scroll bar with the mouse or keyboard.
Description
  \Write an OnVerticalScroll event handler to respond when the user scrolls the vertical scroll bar.
See Also
  OnHorizontalScroll
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvCustomRichEdit.PageRect
Summary
  Specifies the dimensions, in pixels, of the logical page size used when printing the contents of a
  rich text edit control.
Description
  Use PageRect to specify the logical page size used when formatting the contents of the rich edit
  control for printing. Specify the dimensions in pixels.
See Also
  Print
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvCustomRichEdit.Paragraph
Summary
  Specifies the formatting information for the current paragraphs.
Description
  Paragraph is a TJvParaAttributes object, that works the same as the VCL's TParaAttributes object,
  and introduces some more properties. See TJvParaAttributes for an overview of these new properties.
See Also
  OnSelectionChange, TJvParaAttributes
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvCustomRichEdit.PasteSpecialDialog
Summary
  Displays the standard Paste Special dialog box.
Description
  Call PasteSpecialDialog to display the standard Paste Special dialog box, allowing the user to
  select the format of the clipboard object to be pasted or paste-linked.

  The following formats are accepted:
  * Embedded object.
  * Linked Object.
  * Rich Text \Format (RTF).
  * Rich Text \Format without objects.
  * Unformatted text.
  * Windows bitmap.

  With applications that support OLE, the user can initiate the transfer from either the server or
  the container. For example, the server can copy data to the clipboard in the server application,
  then switch to the container application and choose Paste Special/Embedded Object or an equivalent
  menu command to create a new embedded object from the selected data. Or, the user can drag the
  data from one application to the other. The process is similar for creating a linked object.
Note
  Property AllowObjects must be set to True, otherwise no dialog will be displayed.
Return value
  \Returns True if the dialog could be displayed and the user pressed the OK button,
  otherwise returns False.
See Also
  AllowObjects, InsertObjectDialog, ObjectPropertiesDialog
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvCustomRichEdit.PlainText
Summary
  Indicates whether the rich edit control's text is formatted or not.
Description
  Set PlainText to True to transform the rich edit control's text to plain unformatted text.
See Also
  StreamFormat, StreamMode
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvCustomRichEdit.Print
Summary
  Formats and prints the contents of the rich edit control.
Description
  Use Print to print the contents of the rich edit control.
Parameters
  Caption - Specifies the title that appears in the print manager and on network title pages.
See Also
  PageRect
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvCustomRichEdit.Redo
Summary
  Redoes the next action in the control's \redo queue.
Description
  Call Redo to \redo the next action in the control's \redo queue.

  To determine whether there are any actions in the control's \redo queue, check property CanRedo.
See Also
  CanRedo, RedoName, UndoName, Undo
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvCustomRichEdit.RedoName
Summary
  Indicates the type of the next action, if any, in the control's \redo queue.
Description
  \Read RedoName to retrieve the type of the next action, if any, in the control's \redo queue.

  The types of actions that can be undone or redone include typing, \delete, drag-drop, cut, and paste
  operations. This information can be useful for applications that provide an extended user interface
  for undo and \redo operations, such as a drop-down list box of redoable actions.
See Also
  UndoName, Redo, Undo
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvCustomRichEdit.RegisterConversionFormat
Summary
  Registers an association between a file extension and a TConversion object that can convert between
  the native file format and rich text format (RTF) or plain text.
Description
  \Write here a description
Parameters
  AExtension       - Specifies a specific file extension.
  APlainText       - Indicates whether conversion is between RTF or plain text.
  AConversionClass - Specifies the TConversion class that can convert files with extensions as specified
                      by the AExtension parameter.
See Also
  DefaultConverter, Lines, PlainText
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvCustomRichEdit.ReplaceDialog
Summary
  Displays the Replace Text dialog box.
Description
  Call ReplaceDialog to display the Replace Text dialog box, that prompts the user for both a search
  string and a replace string. If the user presses the Find Next button, a search for the entered
  search string is performed. If the search string is found the rich edit control selects the found
  string. If the search string is <i>not</i> found an OnTextNotFound event is fired. If the user
  closes the dialog an OnCloseFindDialog is fired.
Parameters
  SearchStr  - Default search string that appears in the edit box when the dialog opens.
  ReplaceStr - Default replacement string that appears in the edit box when the dialog opens.
Return value
  \Returns a reference to the created Replace Text dialog.
Note
  If HideSelection is set to True (as is the default), you won't see the highlighted string, because
  the Replace Text dialog will have the focus. You might want to set HideSelection To False before calling
  ReplaceDialog, and set it to it's old value in an OnCloseFindDialog event handler.
See Also
  <LINK TJvCustomRichEdit.FindDialog,FindDialog>, HideSelection, OnCloseFindDialog, OnTextNotFound
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvCustomRichEdit.SaveToImage
Summary
  Write here a summary (1 line)
Description
  Write here a description
Parameters
  Picture - Description for this parameter
See Also
  List here other properties, methods (comma seperated)
  Remove the 'See Also' section if there are no references
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvCustomRichEdit.SelAttributes
Summary
  Describes the rich text characteristics of the selected text in the rich edit control.
Description
  Use SelAttributes to discover or set the font characteristics of the currently selected text.
  If no text is selected, SelAttributes represents the attributes of the cursor position.

  When inserting new text, the font characteristics of the new text will match SelAttributes.

  SelAttributes is a TJvTextAttributes object, that works the same as the VCL's TTextAttributes object,
  and introduces some more properties. See TJvTextAttributes for an overview of these new properties.
Note
  SelAttributes is available only at runtime.

  \Example:
  <AUTOLINK OFF>
  <CODE>
  function TForm1.CurrText: TJvTextAttributes;
  begin
    if JvRichEdit1.SelLength > 0 then
      Result := JvRichEdit1.SelAttributes
    else
      Result := JvRichEdit1.WordAttributes;
  end;

  procedure TForm1.Button1Click(Sender: TObject);
  begin
    CurrText.Style := CurrText.Style + [fsBold];
  end;
  </CODE>
  <AUTOLINK ON>
See Also
  DefAttributes, TJvTextAttributes, WordAttributes
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvCustomRichEdit.SelectionBar
Summary
  Specifies whether to show the selection bar.
Description
  The selection bar is an unmarked area to the left of each paragraph that when clicked, selects the line.
  Set SelectionBar to True to show the selection bar, set it to False, to hide it.
See Also
  HideScrollBars, HideSelection, WordWrap
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvCustomRichEdit.SelectionType
Summary
  Indicates the selection type for the rich edit control.
Description
  Use SelectionType to determine whether one or more COM objects are selected.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvCustomRichEdit.SelText
Summary
  Denotes the selected portion of the edit control’s text.
Description
  \Read SelText to determine the value of the selected text. Set SelText to replace the selected text
  with a new string. If there is no selection, but the edit control has focus, set SelText to insert
  a new string into the text at the cursor.
See Also
  SelectionType, SetSelection
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvCustomRichEdit.SetSelection
Summary
  Selects a range of characters and/or Component Object Model (COM) objects in the rich edit control.
Description
  Call SetSelection to select the indicated range of characters in the rich edit control. If StartPos is
  the same as EndPos, SetSelection positions the cursor at the StartPos character.

  For example, call:
  <AUTOLINK OFF>
  <CODE>
  SetSelection(0, 0, True);
  </CODE>
  <AUTOLINK ON>
  to scroll to the first position of the rich edit control
Parameters
  StartPos    - Indicates the beginning of the range of text, where 0 is the first character in the text.
  EndPos      - Indicates the end of the range of text, where 0 is the first character in the text.
  ScrollCaret - Specifies whether to scroll the caret into view in an edit control.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvCustomRichEdit.StopGroupTyping
Summary
  Stops the control from collecting additional typing actions into the current undo action.
Description
  Call StopGroupTyping to stop the control from collecting additional typing actions into the current
  undo action. The control stores the next typing action, if any, into a new action in the undo queue.

  A rich edit control groups consecutive typing actions, including characters deleted by using the
  BackSpace key, into a single undo action until one of the following events occurs:

  * StopGroupTyping is called.
  * The control loses focus.
  * The user moves the current selection, either by using the arrow keys or by clicking the mouse.
  * The user presses the \delete key.
  * The user performs any other action, such as a paste operation that does not involve typing.

  You can call StopGroupTyping to break consecutive typing actions into smaller undo groups. For example,
  you could call it after each character or at each word break.
Note
  Rich Edit 2.0.
See Also
  Undo
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvCustomRichEdit.StreamFormat
Summary
  \Specifies the format of the text when streaming to or from a file.
Description
  Use StreamFormat to specify the format of the text when streaming to or from a file. The format can
  be either Rich Text \Format (RTF) or plain text.

  If you set StreamFormat to sfDefault, then property PlainText determines whether the format is RTF or
  plain text.
See Also
  PlainText, StreamMode
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvCustomRichEdit.StreamMode
Summary
  \Controls how the text is treated when streaming to or from a file.
Description
  Use StreamMode to specify whether to

  * Only replace the contents of the current selection when loading a stream, and to only stream out
    the contents of the current selection, when saving to a stream.
  * Stream only keywords common to all languages in and out, ie ignore all language-specific RTF keywords.
  * Replace COM objects with spaces when streaming out.
  * Stream unicode text in and out.

  Some flags are ignored depending on the value of StreamFormat. For example you must set StreamFormat to
  sfPlainText, or PlainText to True and StreamFormat to sfDefault to be able to stream unicode text in or out.)
Note
  Rich edit controls do not directly support streaming. Use the Lines property to stream to or from a
  file, For example to save the selected text as unicode to a file:
  <AUTOLINK OFF>
  <CODE>
  with JvRichEdit1 do
  try
    StreamFormat := sfPlainText;
    StreamMode := [smSelection, smUnicode];
    Lines.SaveToFile(AFileName);
  finally
    StreamMode := [];
  end;
  </CODE>
  <AUTOLINK ON>
See Also
  PlainText, StreamFormat
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvCustomRichEdit.Title
Summary
  Specifies the caption of the window, that is displayed when an user selects to edit an embedded object.
Description
  Use Title to specify a string that is displayed in the title bar of the window, displayed when
  a user opens an object for editing.
Note
  Property AllowObjects must be set to True, otherwise setting Title has no effect.
See Also
  AllowObjects
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvCustomRichEdit.UndoLimit
Summary
  Specifies the maximum number of actions that can stored in the undo queue.
Description
  Specifies the maximum number of actions that can be stored in the undo queue. The return value is the
  new maximum number of undo actions for the rich edit control. This value may be less than the value
  specified by UndoLimit if memory is limited.

  By default, the maximum number of actions in the undo queue is 100. If you increase this number,
  there must be enough available memory to accommodate the new number. For better performance, set the
  limit to the smallest possible value.

  Setting the limit to zero disables the Undo feature.
See Also
  <LINK TJvCustomRichEdit.CanRedo, CanRedo>,
  <LINK TJvCustomRichEdit.RedoName, RedoName>,
  <LINK TJvCustomRichEdit.UndoName, UndoName>,
  <LINK TJvCustomRichEdit.Redo, Redo>,
  Undo
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvCustomRichEdit.UndoName
Summary
  Indicates the type of the next undo action, if any.
Description
  \Read UndoName to retrieve the type of the next undo action, if any.

  The types of actions that can be undone or redone include typing, \delete, drag, drop, cut, and
  paste operations. This information can be useful for applications that provide an extended user
  interface for undo and \redo operations, such as a drop-down list box of actions that can be undone.

  This example changes the Caption and Enabled properties of 2 TMenuItem's in the OnChange event handler
  of a rich edit control named JvRichEdit1.
  <AUTOLINK OFF>
  <CODE>
  procedure TForm1.JvRichEdit1Change(Sender: TObject);
  const
    UndoNames: array [TUndoName] of string =
      ('', 'typing', 'delete', 'drag and drop', 'cut', 'paste');
  begin
    { Undo }
    UndoMenuItem.Enabled := JvRichEdit1.CanUndo;
    UndoMenuItem.Caption := '&Undo ' + UndoNames[JvRichEdit1.UndoName];
    { Redo }
    RedoMenuItem.Enabled := JvRichEdit1.CanRedo;
    RedoMenuItem.Caption := '&Redo ' + UndoNames[JvRichEdit1.RedoName];
  end;
  </CODE>
  <AUTOLINK ON>
Note
  Rich Edit 2.0
See Also
  RedoName, Redo, Undo
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvCustomRichEdit.WordAtCursor
Summary
  \Returns the word at the current position in the rich edit control.
Description
  \Read WordAtCursor to retrieve the word at the current position in the rich edit control.
Return value
  The word at the current position in the rich edit control.
See Also
  GetSelection, GetTextRange
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvCustomRichEdit.WordAttributes
Summary
  Describes the rich text characteristics of the selected text in the rich edit control.
Description
  WordAttributes works the same way as SelAttributes, except if no text is selected, and the cursor
  position is inside a word, WordAttributes represents the attributes of that word at the cursor position.

  WordAttributes is a TJvTextAttributes object, that works the same as the VCL's TTextAttributes object,
  and introduces some more properties. See TJvTextAttributes for an overview of these new properties.
Note
  WordAttributes is available only at runtime.
See Also
  DefAttributes, TJvTextAttributes, SelAttributes
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvCustomRichEdit.WordSelection
Summary
  Specifies whether automatic selection of word on double-click is enabled.
Description
  Set WordSelection to True, to enable automatic selection of word on double-click. Set WordSelection
  to False to disable it.
See Also
  WordWrap, HideSelection, SelectionBar
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvNumbering
<TITLE TJvNumbering type>
Summary
  Represents different kinds of bulleting or numbering of paragraphs.
Description
  Use the TJvNumbering to specify a specific kind of bulleting or numbering of paragraphs.
Note
  Rich Edit versions earlier than version 3.0 do not display paragraph numbers.
  (The rich edit control stores the value but does not use it to display the text.)
See Also
  TJvNumberingStyle
@@TJvNumbering.nsNone
  No paragraph numbering or bullets.
@@TJvNumbering.nsBullet
  Insert a bullet at the beginning of each selected paragraph.
@@TJvNumbering.nsArabicNumbers
  Arabic numbering (1, 2, 3, ...).
@@TJvNumbering.nsLoCaseLetter
  Lowercase letters (a, b, c, ...).
@@TJvNumbering.nsUpCaseLetter
  Uppercase letters (A, B, C, ...).
@@TJvNumbering.nsLoCaseRoman
  Lowercase Roman numerals (i, ii, iii, ...).
@@TJvNumbering.nsUpCaseRoman
  Uppercase Roman numerals (I, II, III, ...).
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvNumberingStyle
<TITLE TJvNumberingStyle type>
Summary
  Represents different kinds of numbering styles used with numbered paragraphs.
Description
  Use the TJvNumberingStyle type to specify a specific numbering style with numbered paragraphs.
Note
  Rich Edit versions earlier than version 3.0 do not display paragraph numbers.
  (The rich edit control stores the value but does not use it to display the text.)
See Also
  TJvNumbering
@@TJvNumberingStyle.nsParenthesis
  Follows the number with a right parenthesis. For example: 0), 1), 2), ...
@@TJvNumberingStyle.nsPeriod
  Follows the number with a period. For example: 0., 1., 2., ...
@@TJvNumberingStyle.nsEnclosed
  Encloses the number in parentheses. For example: (0), (1), (2), ...
@@TJvNumberingStyle.nsSimple
  Displays only the number. For example: 0, 1, 2, ...
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvOEMConversion
Summary
  Converts rich text data from and to OEM formatted text.
Description
  Use the TJvOEMConversion class to allow rich text edit controls to \Read
  from and write to files that use the OEM-defined character set.

  Rich text edit controls can use this class by registering it through their
  <LINK TJvCustomRichEdit.RegisterConversionFormat,RegisterConversionFormat>
  method, or by making it the <LINK TJvCustomRichEdit.DefaultJvConverter,default converter>.
Note
  Use the <LINK TJvCustomRichEdit.Lines,Lines> property to stream the text to or from a file.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvParaAttributes
Summary
  Represents paragraph formatting properties for a rich edit control.
Description
  TJvParaAttributes includes a number of properties that describe the formatting characteristics of a
  paragraph in a rich text document. TJvParaAttributes is a wrapper for the PARAFORMAT2 struct, and
  is an extension of the VCL TParaAttributes class.

  \New properties:
  <TABLE>
  Property           Description
  ----------         -----------
  LineSpacing        Specifies the spacing between lines.
  LineSpacingRule    Specifies the type of line spacing.
  NumberingStart     Changes the starting number used for numbered paragraphs.
  NumberingStyle     Applies a numbering style to a paragraphs.
  NumberingTab       Specifies the minimum space, in pixels, between a paragraph number and the paragraph text.
  SpaceAfter         Specifies the size of the spacing below the paragraph.
  SpaceBefore        Specifies the size of the spacing above the paragraph in pixels.
  </TABLE>
See Also
  TJvRichEdit, TJvTextAttributes
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvParaAttributes.Alignment
Summary
  Specifies how text is aligned within a paragraph.
Description
  Use Alignment to specify how text is aligned within a paragraph.
See Also
  LeftIndent, RightIndent
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvParaAttributes.FirstIndent
Summary
  Specifies the indent, in pixels, of the first line of the paragraph relative to the left margin.
Description
  See Delphi help for more info.
See Also
  LeftIndent, RightIndent
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvParaAttributes.HeadingStyle
Summary
  Specifies a built-in character and paragraph style for the paragraph.
Description
  Use HeadingStyle to apply a built-in style for the paragraph text:

  <TABLE>
  Value     Meaning
  -----     -------
  0         Normal style
  1         Heading 1 style
  2         Heading 2 style
  3         Heading 3 style
  4         Heading 4 style
  5         Heading 5 style
  6         Heading 6 style
  7         Heading 7 style
  8         Heading 8 style
  9         Heading 9 style
  </TABLE>
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvParaAttributes.LeftIndent
Summary
  Specifies the indent, in pixels, of the paragraph relative to the left margin.
Description
  See Delphi help for more info.
See Also
  FirstIndent, RightIndent
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvParaAttributes.LineSpacing
Summary
  Specifies the spacing between lines.
Description
  Use LineSpacing to specify the spacing between lines. The meaning of LineSpacing depends on the
  value of LineSpacingRule:

  <TABLE>
  LineSpacingRule        LineSpacing
  ---------------        -----------
  lsSpecifiedOrMore      Specifies the spacing from one line to the next, in pixels. However, if
                          LineSpacing specifies a value that is less than single spacing, the control
                          displays single-spaced text.
  lsSpecified            Specifies the spacing from one line to the next, in pixels. The control uses
                          the exact spacing specified, even if LineSpacing specifies a value that is
                          less than single spacing.
  lsMultiple             Specifies the spacing, in lines, from one line to the next. Thus, setting LineSpacing
                          to 1 produces single-spaced text, 2 is double spaced, 3 is triple spaced, and so on.
  Other                  Vaule of LineSpacing is ignored.
  </TABLE>
See Also
  LineSpacingRule
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvParaAttributes.LineSpacingRule
Summary
  Specifies the type of line spacing.
Description
  Use LineSpacingRule to specify the type of line spacing. LineSpacingRule determines the meaning of
  property LineSpacing, if it's value is used, whether the value specified by LineSpacing is in
  pixels, or in lines etc.
See Also
  LineSpacing
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvParaAttributes.Numbering
Summary
  Specifies whether the paragraph is one of a set of bulleted or numbered paragraphs.
Description
  Use Numbering to specify whether the paragraph is one of a set of bulleted or numbered paragraphs.
  Use property NumberingStyle to specify the numbering style for the paragraph.
Note
  You can use the number hot key (CTRL+L, capital L) to cycle through numbering options available,
  starting with bullet.
See Also
  NumberingStyle, NumberingTab
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvParaAttributes.NumberingStart
Summary
  Specifies the starting number for numbered paragraphs.
Description
  Use NumberingStart to specify the starting number used for numbered paragraphs. Use NumberingStart
  in conjunction with property Numbering.
See Also
  Numbering
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvParaAttributes.NumberingStyle
Summary
  Specifies the numbering style used with numbered paragraphs.
Description
  Use NumberingStyle to specify the numbering style used with numbered paragraphs. Use this
  property in conjunction with the Numbering property.
Note
  Rich Edit 3.0
See Also
  Numbering, NumberingTab
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvParaAttributes.NumberingTab
Summary
  Specifies the minimum space, in pixels, between a paragraph number and the paragraph text.
Description
  Use NumberingTab to specify the minimum space, in pixels, between a paragraph number and the
  paragraph text. Use this property in conjunction with the Numbering property.
Note
  Rich Edit 3.0.
See Also
  Numbering, NumberingStyle
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvParaAttributes.RightIndent
Summary
  Specifies the indent, in pixels, of the paragraph relative to the right margin.
Description
  See Delphi help for more info.
See Also
  FirstIndent, LeftIdent
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvParaAttributes.SpaceAfter
Summary
  Specifies the size of the spacing below the paragraph.
Description
  Use SpaceAfter to specify the size of the spacing below the paragraph in pixels. The value must
  be greater than or equal to zero.
See Also
  SpaceBefore
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvParaAttributes.SpaceBefore
Summary
  Specifies the size of the spacing above the paragraph in pixels.
Description
  Use SpaceBefore to specify the size of the spacing above the paragraph in pixels. The value must
  be greater than or equal to zero.
See Also
  SpaceAfter
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvParaAttributes.Tab
Summary
  Specifies the position, in points, of a particular tab stop.
Description
  See Delphi help for more info.
See Also
  Tab
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvParaAttributes.TabCount
Summary
  Indicates the number of tab stops that are defined for the paragraph.
Description
  See Delphi help for more info.
See Also
  TabCount
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvParaAttributes.TableStyle
Summary
  Does nothing.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvRichEdit
<TITLEIMG TJvRichEdit>
JVCLInfo
  GROUP=JVCL.CommCtrl,JVCL.EditsMemosAndCombos.Other
  FLAG=Component
Summary
  Wrapper for the v2.0 or v3.0 Windows rich text edit control.
Description
  A rich edit control is a window in which the user can enter, edit, format, print, and save text.
  The text can be assigned character and paragraph formatting, and can include embedded Component
  Object Model (COM) objects. Rich edit controls support almost all of the messages and notification
  messages used with multiline edit controls.

  <b>Rich Edit Version 2.0</b>

  Rich Edit 2.0 includes the following features in addition to the features provided by Rich Edit
  version 1.0.
  <TABLE>
  Feature                          Description
  -----------------------------    -----------------------------------
  Find Up/Find Down support        Searching forward and backward is supported, see function
                                    <LINK TJvCustomRichEdit.FindText,FindText> and the TRichSearchTypes type.
  Bidirectional support            This is included in Rich Edit 2.1
  Multilevel undo                  An extensible Undo architecture allows client to participate in
                                    application-wide Undo model. See Undo, CanUndo etc.
  Automatic URL recognition        Can check for a number of URL formats (For example, http:), see
                                    property <LINK TJvCustomRichEdit.AutoURLDetect,AutoURLDetect>
  Plain-text as well as            Single-character format and single-paragraph format.
   rich-text functionality
  Windowless operation             This is provided through the ITextHost and ITextServices interfaces. (TODO)
   and interfaces
  COM dual interfaces              Text Object Model (TOM) interfaces. (TODO)
  CHARFORMAT2                      Added font weight, background color, locale identifier, underline type,
                                    superscript and subscript (in addition to Offset), disabled effect.
                                    For RTF roundtripping only, added amount to space between letters,
                                    twip size above which to kern character pair, animated-text type,
                                    various effects: font shadow/outline, all caps, small caps, hidden,
                                    embossed, imprint, and revised. See TJvTextAttributes.
  PARAFORMAT2                      Added space before and after and Word line spacing. For RTF roundtripping
                                    only, added shading weight/style, numbering start/style/tab, border
                                    space/width/sides, tab alignment/leaders, various Word paragraph
                                    effects: RTL paragraph, keep, keep-next, page-break-before,
                                    no-line-number, no-widow-control, do-not-hyphenate, side-by-side, see
                                    TJvParaAttributes.
  </TABLE>

  With a few exceptions, Rich Edit 2.0 uses the same functions, structures, and properties as Rich Edit 1.0
  (supported by the standard TRichEdit control).
  \Note, however, the following differences:
  <TABLE>
  Property                                                   Description
  -------                                                    -----------
  <LINK TJvCustomRichEdit.AutoURLDetect,AutoURLDetect>       Enables or disables automatic URL detection.
  <LINK TJvCustomRichEdit.CanRedo,CanRedo>                   Determines whether there are any actions in the \redo queue.
  <LINK TJvCustomRichEdit.LangOptions,LangOptions>           Retrieves or sets options for IME and Asian language support.
  <LINK TJvCustomRichEdit.RedoName,RedoName>                 Retrieves the type name of the next action in the \redo queue.
  <LINK TJvCustomRichEdit.UndoName,UndoName>                 Retrieves the type name of the next action in the undo queue.
  <LINK TJvCustomRichEdit.Redo,Redo>                         Redoes the next action in the \redo queue.
  <LINK TJvCustomRichEdit.UndoLimit,UndoLimit>               Sets the maximum number of actions in the undo queue.
  <LINK TJvCustomRichEdit.StopGroupTyping,StopGroupTyping>   Stops grouping consecutive typing actions into the current undo action.
  </TABLE>
  <TABLE>
  Class              Description
  -----              -----------
  TJvTextAttributes  Wrapper for CHARFORMAT2, contains information about character formatting.
  TJvParaAttributes  Wrapper for PARAFORMAT2, contains information about paragraph formatting.
  </TABLE>
  Wrappers for messages:
  <TABLE>
  Function                                               Description
  --------                                               -----------
  <LINK TJvCustomRichEdit.GetCharPos,GetCharPos>         Retrieves the client area coordinates of a
                                                          specified character in a rich edit control.
  <LINK TJvCustomRichEdit.GetLineIndex,GetLineIndex>     Retrieves the character index of the first
                                                          character of a specific line.
  <LINK TJvCustomRichEdit.GetLineLength,GetLineLength>   Retrieves the length, in characters, of a
                                                          specific line.
  <LINK TJvCustomRichEdit.GetSelection,GetSelection>     Retrieves the starting and ending character
                                                          positions of the selection.
  <LINK TJvCustomRichEdit.GetTextRange,GetTextRange>     Retrieves a specified range of characters from
                                                          a rich edit control.
  <LINK TJvCustomRichEdit.SetSelection,SetSelection>     Selects a range of characters and/or Component
                                                          Object Model (COM) objects in the rich edit control.

  </TABLE>

  <b>Rich Edit Version 3.0</b>

  Rich Edit 3.0 includes the following features in addition to the features provided by Rich Edit Version 2.0.:
  <TABLE>
  Feature                           Description
  --------------------------        -----------------------------------------------------
  Zoom                              The zoom factor is given by a ratio. (TODO)
  Paragraph numbering               Numeric, upper and lower alphabetic, or Roman numeral, see
   (single-level)                    property <LINK TJvParaAttributes.Numbering,Numbering> of
                                     TJvParaAttributes.
  Normal and heading                Built-in normal style and heading styles 1 through 9 are supported,
   styles                            see property <LINK TJvParaAttributes.HeadingStyle,HeadingStyle> of
                                     TJvParaAttributes.
  More underline types              Dashed, dash-dot, dash-dot-dot, and dot underlining has been added,
                                     see property <LINK TJvTextAttributes.UnderlineType,UnderlineType>.
  Underline coloring                Underlined text can be tagged with one of 15 document choices for
                                     underline colors, see property
                                     <LINK TJvTextAttributes.UnderlineColor,UnderlineColor>.
  Hidden text                       See property <LINK TJvTextAttributes.Hidden,Hidden> of TJvTextAttributes.
  Increased undo control            Undo can be suspended and resumed (an IME requirement). (TODO)
  </TABLE>
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvTextAttributes
Summary
  Represents the font characteristics of a section of text in a rich edit control.
Description
  TJvTextAttributes is a wrapper for the CHARFORMAT2 structure, that contains information about character
  formatting in a rich edit control. The TJvTextAttributes class is an extension of the TTextAttributes
  class, ie it can do the same and more:

  \New properties that affects the text represented by the TJvTextAttributes:
  <TABLE>
  Property           Description
  ----------         -----------
  BackColor          Sets the background color of the text.
  Disabled           Enables or disables the text; if the text is disabled, it can't be changed by the user.
  Hidden             Hides the text for the user.
  Link               Indicates whether the text is a link; if the user clicks such link an
                      <LINK TJvCustomRichEdit.OnURLClick,OnURLClick> event is fired.
  Offset             Specifies the character Offset from the baseline, in points.
  RevAuthorIndex     Identifies the author making a revision.
  SubscriptStyle     Changes the text's font to normal, superscript or subscript.
  UnderlineType      Underlines the text.
  </TABLE>
See Also
  TJvRichEdit
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvTextAttributes.BackColor
Summary
  Indicates the background color of the text.
Description
  Use BackColor to specify the background color of the text. Set BackColor to clDefault to set the color to
  the default color: clWindow.
See Also
  Color, ConsistentAttributes
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvTextAttributes.Charset
Summary
  Specifies the character set of the font.
Description
  See Delphi help for more info.
See Also
  Name
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvTextAttributes.Color
Summary
  Indicates the foreground color of the text.
Description
  Use Color to specify the foreground color of the text. Set Color clDefault to set the color to
  the default color: clWindowText.
See Also
  BackColor, ConsistentAttributes
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvTextAttributes.ConsistentAttributes
Summary
  Indicates which of the properties of the TJvTextAttributes object are consistent throughout the text
  of the current selection in the rich edit object.
Description
  See Delphi help for more info.
See Also
  BackColor, Color, Disabled, Hidden, Link, Name, Protected, Size, Style
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvTextAttributes.Disabled
Summary
  Indicates whether the text represented by the TJvTextAttributes object is disabled.
Description
  Disabled text is displayed with a shadow that is Offset by 3/4 point or one pixel, whichever is larger.
See Also
  Hidden, Link, Protected, Style
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvTextAttributes.Height
Summary
  Specifies the height of the font in pixels.
Description
  See Delphi help for more info.
See Also
  ConsistentAttributes, Size
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvTextAttributes.Hidden
Summary
  Indicates whether the text represented by the TJvTextAttributes object is hidden.
Description
  Hidden text is not displayed.
Note
  Rich Edit 3.0.
See Also
  Disabled, Link, Protected, Style
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvTextAttributes.Link
Summary
  Indicates whether the text represented by the TJvTextAttributes object is a link.
Description
  Text that represents a link is underlined and colored blue. If the user clicks on the link text
  an OnURLClick event is fired.
See Also
  Disabled, Hidden, OnURLClick, Protected, Style
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvTextAttributes.Name
Summary
  Specifies the typeface of the font described by the TJvTextAttributes object.
Description
  See Delphi help for more info.
See Also
  Charset, ConsistentAttributes, Pitch
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvTextAttributes.Offset
Summary
  Specifies the character Offset from the baseline, in pixels.
Description
  Use Offset to specify the character Offset from the baseline, in pixels. If the value of Offset is
  positive, the character is a superscript; if the value is negative, the character is a subscript.

  Alternatively, you can use property SubscriptStyle to specify whether the text is made of subscript
  and superscript characters.
See Also
  SubscriptStyle
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvTextAttributes.Pitch
Summary
  Specifies whether the characters in the font all have the same width.
Description
  See Delphi help for more info.
See Also
  Name
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvTextAttributes.Protected
Summary
  Indicates whether the text represented by the TJvTextAttributes object is protected.
Description
  Protected text can’t be changed by the user. When the user attempts to edit a selection that includes
  protected text, the rich edit control calls the OnProtectChangeEx event handler. The OnProtectChangeEx
  event handler can then permit or disallow the editing of the protected text. If there is no
  OnProtectChange or OnProtectChangeEx event handler, protected text is read-only.
See Also
  ConsistentAttributes, Disabled, Hidden, Link, OnProtectChange, OnProtectChangeEx, Style
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvTextAttributes.RevAuthorIndex
Summary
  Identifies the author making a revision.
Description
  An index that identifies the author making a revision. The rich edit control uses different text
  colors for each different author index.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvTextAttributes.Size
Summary
  Specifies the height of the font in points.
Description
  See Delphi help for more info.
See Also
  ConsistentAttributes, Height
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvTextAttributes.Style
Summary
  Determines whether the font is normal, italic, underlined, bold, or strikeout.
Description
  See Delphi help for more info.
See Also
  Disabled, Hidden, Link, Protected
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvTextAttributes.SubscriptStyle
Summary
  Determines whether the font is normal, superscript or subscript.
Description
  Use SubscriptStyle to specify whether the font is normal, superscript or subscript. If you
  specify ssSubscript or ssSuperscript for SubscriptStyle, the control automatically calculates
  a value for property Offset and a smaller font size.

  Alternatively, you can use the Height and Offset properties to explicitly specify font size and
  Offset for subscript and superscript characters.
See Also
  Height, Offset
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvTextAttributes.UnderlineColor
Summary
  Determines in which color the text is underlined.
Description
  Use UnderlineColor to specify in which color the text is underlined.
  Use UnderlineType to specify how and whether the text is underlined.
Note
  If you stream out the text as RTF, underlined text with a color other than ucBlack is streamed out as
  <i>non</i> underlined text.
See Also
  UnderlineType
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvTextAttributes.UnderlineType
Summary
  Determines whether and how the text is underlined.
Description
  Use UnderlineType to specify how and whether the text is underlined. Use UnderlineColor to specify
  in which color the text is underlined.
See Also
  UnderlineColor
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TLineSpacingRule
<TITLE TLineSpacingRule type>
Summary
  Enumerates types of line spacing.
Description
  The TLineSpacingRule type is used to specify a type of line spacing.
@@TLineSpacingRule.lsSingle
  Single spacing.
@@TLineSpacingRule.lsOneAndHalf
  One-and-a-half spacing.
@@TLineSpacingRule.lsDouble
  Double spacing.
@@TLineSpacingRule.lsSpecifiedOrMore
  Property <LINK TJvCustomRichEdit.LineSpacing,LineSpacing> of a TJvCustomRichEdit specifies the
  spacing from one line to the next, in pixels. However, if <LINK TJvCustomRichEdit.LineSpacing,
  LineSpacing> specifies a value that is less than single spacing, the control displays single-spaced text.
@@TLineSpacingRule.lsSpecified
  Property <LINK TJvCustomRichEdit.LineSpacing,LineSpacing> of a TJvCustomRichEdit specifies the
  spacing from one line to the next, in pixels. The control uses the exact spacing specified, even
  if <LINK TJvCustomRichEdit.LineSpacing,LineSpacing> specifies a value that is less than single spacing.
@@TLineSpacingRule.lsMultiple
  Property <LINK TJvCustomRichEdit.LineSpacing,LineSpacing> of a TJvCustomRichEdit specifies the
  spacing, in lines, from one line to the next. Thus, setting <LINK TJvCustomRichEdit.LineSpacing,
  LineSpacing> to 1 produces single-spaced text, 2 is double spaced, 3 is triple spaced, and so on.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TParaAlignment
<TITLE TParaAlignment type>
Summary
  Enumerates kinds of paragraph alignments.
Description
  The TParaAlignment type is used to specify how a paragraph is aligned in a rich edit control.
@@TParaAlignment.paLeftJustify
  Paragraphs are aligned with the left margin.
@@TParaAlignment.paRightJustify
  Paragraphs are aligned with the right margin.
@@TParaAlignment.paCenter
  Paragraphs are centered.
@@TParaAlignment.paJustify
  Paragraphs are justified. Rich edit controls earlier than Rich Edit 3.0 display the text aligned
  with the left margin.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TRichEditFindCloseEvent
<TITLE TRichEditFindCloseEvent type>
<COMBINE TJvCustomRichEdit.OnCloseFindDialog>
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TRichEditFindErrorEvent
<TITLE TRichEditFindErrorEvent type>
<COMBINE TJvCustomRichEdit.OnTextNotFound>
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TRichEditProtectChangeEx
<TITLE TRichEditProtectChangeEx type>
<COMBINE TJvCustomRichEdit.OnProtectChangeEx>
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TRichEditURLClickEvent
<TITLE TRichEditURLClickEvent type>
<COMBINE TJvCustomRichEdit.OnURLClick>
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TRichEditVersion
<TITLE TRichEditVersion type>
Summary
  Represents different kinds of versions for rich edit controls.
Description
  The TRichEditVersion type represents different kinds of versions for rich edit controls, that are
  supported by TJvRichEdit. It ranges from 1 to 3, representing the original specification for rich
  edit controls 1.0, to version 3.0.
See Also
  TJvRichEdit, RichEditVersion
Note
  The Rich Edit 4.1. specification is <i>not</i> included in the TRichEditVersion type, because v4.1
  only supports unicode controls, which TJvRichEdit is not.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TRichLangOption
<TITLE TRichLangOption type>
Summary
  Enumerates language options.
Description
  The TRichLangOption is used to specify a specific language option.

  TRichLangOptions is a set of TRichLangOption values.
See Also
  TJvRichEdit, <LINK TJvCustomRichEdit.LangOptions,LangOptions>
@@TRichLangOption.rlAutoKeyboard
  Automatically changes the keyboard layout when the user explicitly changes to a different font, or
  when the user explicitly changes the insertion point to a new location in the text.
@@TRichLangOption.rlAutoFont
  Automatically changes fonts when the user explicitly changes to a different keyboard layout.
@@TRichLangOption.rlImeCancelComplete
  Determines how the control uses the composition string of an IME if the user cancels it. If this flag
  is set, the control discards the composition string. If this flag is not set, the control uses the
  composition string as the result string.
@@TRichLangOption.rlImeAlwaysSendNotify
  \Controls how Rich Edit notifies the client during IME composition:
  If this flag is not set, No EN_CHANGE or EN_SELCHANGE notifications during undetermined state. Send
  notification when final string comes in. (default)
  If this flag is set, Send EN_CHANGE and EN_SELCHANGE events during undetermined state.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TRichLangOptions
<TITLE TRichLangOptions type>
<COMBINE TRichLangOption>
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TRichSearchType
<TITLE TRichSearchType type>
Summary
  Specifies parameters for a search operation.
Description
  Use the TRichSearchType type to specify parameters for a search operation.

  TRichSearchTypes is a set of TRichSearchType values.
See Also
  TJvRichEdit, <LINK TJvCustomRichEdit.FindText,FindText>
@@TRichSearchType.stWholeWord
  Ssearches only for whole words that match the search string.
@@TRichSearchType.stMatchCase
  The search operation is case-sensitive. If not set, the search operation is case-insensitive.
@@TRichSearchType.stBackward
  <b>Rich Edit 2.0 and later:</b> If set, the search is from the end of the current selection to
  the end of the document. If not set, the search is from the end of the current selection to the
  beginning of the document.
  <b>Rich Edit 1.0:</b> The stBackward flag is ignored. The search is always from the end of the
  current selection to the end of the document.
@@TRichSearchType.stSetSelection
  Selects the found text, and scrolls it into view.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TRichSearchTypes
<TITLE TRichSearchTypes type>
<COMBINE TRichSearchType>
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TRichSelection
<TITLE TRichSelection type>
Summary
  Enumerates types of selections.
Description
  The TRichSelection is used to specify a specific selection type for a rich edit control.

  TRichSelectionType is a set of TRichSelection values.
See Also
  TJvRichEdit, <LINK TJvCustomRichEdit.SelectionType,SelectionType>
@@TRichSelection.stText
  Text.
@@TRichSelection.stObject
  At least one Component Object Model (COM) object.
@@TRichSelection.stMultiChar
  More than one character of text.
@@TRichSelection.stMultiObject
  More than one COM object.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TRichSelectionType
<TITLE TRichSelectionType type>
<COMBINE TRichSelection>
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TRichStreamFormat
<TITLE TRichStreamFormat type>
Summary
  Enumerates data formats.
Description
  Use the TRichStreamFormat to specify a specific data format.
See Also
  TJvRichEdit,
  TRichStreamMode,
  <LINK TJvCustomRichEdit.StreamFormat,StreamFormat>,
  <LINK TJvCustomRichEdit.StreamMode,StreamMode>
@@TRichStreamFormat.sfDefault
  Either Rich Text \Format or Text.
@@TRichStreamFormat.sfRichText
  Rich Text \Format (RTF).
@@TRichStreamFormat.sfPlainText
  Text.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TRichStreamMode
<TITLE TRichStreamMode type>
Summary
  Enumerates options for streaming text in and out.
Description
  Use the TRichStreamMode type to specify options for streaming text in and out.

  TRichStreamModes is a set of TRichStreamMode values.
See Also
  TJvRichEdit,
  TRichStreamFormat,
  <LINK TJvCustomRichEdit.StreamFormat,StreamFormat>,
  <LINK TJvCustomRichEdit.StreamMode,StreamMode>
@@TRichStreamMode.smSelection
  If specified, when loading a stream, the data stream replaces the contents of the current selection, and
  when saving to a stream, the rich edit control streams out only the contents of the current selection.

  If <i>not</i> specified, when loading a stream, the data stream replaces the entire contents of the control, and
  when saving to a stream, the control streams out the entire contents.
@@TRichStreamMode.smPlainRtf
  If specified only keywords common to all languages are streamed in and out. Language-specific RTF keywords in
  are ignored. If not specified, all keywords are streamed in and out. This flag is ignored if the format of
  the text is not RTF. You can set the format
  of the text with property <LINK TJvCustomRichEdit.StreamFormat,StreamFormat>.
@@TRichStreamMode.smNoObjects
  Streams the text out as RTF with spaces in place of Component Object Model (COM) objects. Useful if an
  application stores COM objects itself, as RTF representation of COM
  objects is not very compact. The control word, \\objattph, followed by a space denotes the object position.
  This flag is ignored if the format of the text is not RTF. You can set the format
  of the text with property <LINK TJvCustomRichEdit.StreamFormat,StreamFormat>.
@@TRichStreamMode.smUnicode
  Rich Edit 2.0 and later: Indicates that the text that is streamed in or out should be treated as
  unicode text. This flag is ignored if the format of the text is not plain text. You can set the format
  of the text with property <LINK TJvCustomRichEdit.StreamFormat,StreamFormat>.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TRichStreamModes
<TITLE TRichStreamModes type>
<COMBINE TRichStreamMode>
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TSubscriptStyle
<TITLE TSubscriptStyle type>
Summary
  Identifies styles for characters.
Description
  Use the TSubscriptStyle to specify a style for characters, either normal, subscript or superscript.
See Also
  TJvRichEdit, <LINK TJvTextAttributes.SubscriptStyle,SubscriptStyle>
@@TSubscriptStyle.ssNone
  Normal style.
@@TSubscriptStyle.ssSubscript
  Subscript style
@@TSubscriptStyle.ssSuperscript
  Superscript style.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TUnderlineColor
<TITLE TUnderlineColor type>
Summary
  Enumerates colors for underlines.
Description
  Use the TUnderlineColor to specify a specific color used to underline text.
@@TUnderlineColor.ucBlack
  Black.
@@TUnderlineColor.ucBlue
  Blue.
@@TUnderlineColor.ucAqua
  Aqua.
@@TUnderlineColor.ucLime
  Lime.
@@TUnderlineColor.ucFuchsia
  Fuchsia.
@@TUnderlineColor.ucRed
  Red.
@@TUnderlineColor.ucYellow
  Yellow.
@@TUnderlineColor.ucWhite
  White.
@@TUnderlineColor.ucNavy
  Navy.
@@TUnderlineColor.ucTeal
  Teal.
@@TUnderlineColor.ucGreen
  Green.
@@TUnderlineColor.ucPurple
  Purple.
@@TUnderlineColor.ucMaroon
  Maroon.
@@TUnderlineColor.ucOlive
  Olive.
@@TUnderlineColor.ucGray
  Gray.
@@TUnderlineColor.ucSilver
  Silver.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TUnderlineType
<TITLE TUnderlineType type>
Summary
  Represents kinds of underline types.
Description
  The TUnderlineType type is used to specify whether and how text is underlined in a rich edit control.
See Also
  TJvRichEdit, <LINK TJvTextAttributes.UnderlineType,UnderlineType>
@@TUnderlineType.utNone
  No underline. This is the default.
@@TUnderlineType.utSolid
  Solid underlined text.
@@TUnderlineType.utWord
  Underline words only. The rich edit control displays the text with a solid underline.
@@TUnderlineType.utDouble
  Double-underlined text. The rich edit control displays the text with a solid underline.
@@TUnderlineType.utDotted
  Dotted underlined text. For versions earlier than Rich Edit 3.0, text is displayed with a solid
  underline.
@@TUnderlineType.utDash
  Dashed underlined text.
@@TUnderlineType.utDashDot
  Dash-dot underlined text.
@@TUnderlineType.utDashDotDot
  Dash-dot-dot underlined text.
@@TUnderlineType.utWave
  Waved underlined text.
@@TUnderlineType.utThick
  Thick underlined text
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TUndoName
<TITLE TUndoName type>
Summary
  Represents types of rich edit control actions that can be undone or redone.
Description
  The TUndoName type represents types of rich edit control actions that can be undone or redone.
See Also
  TJvRichEdit,
  <LINK TCustomRichEdit.RedoName, RedoName>, <LINK TCustomRichEdit.UndoName, UndoName>
@@TUndoName.unUnknown
  The type of undo action is unknown.
@@TUndoName.unTyping
  Typing operation.
@@TUndoName.unDelete
  Delete operation.
@@TUndoName.unDragDrop
  Drag and drop operation.
@@TUndoName.unCut
  Cut operation.
@@TUndoName.unPaste
  Paste operation.
