@@$TJvScreenCanvas
<TITLE TJvScreenCanvas overview>
<GROUP JVCL.Graphics>
  TJvScreenCanvas is a component that allows you to draw on the screen.

  * Read the Width and Height properties to determine the size of the screen.
  * Start a drawing operation by calling BeginDraw.
  * Use the Canvas property to do the actual drawing.
  * End the drawing operation by calling EndDraw.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@JvScreenCanvas.pas
<GROUP JVCL.FileRef>
Summary
  Contains the TJvScreenCanvas component.
<INCLUDE JVCL.UnitText.dtx>
Author
  Sébastien Buysse
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvScreenCanvas
<GROUP TJvScreenCanvas>
Summary
  Enables you to draw on the screen.
Description
  Use a TJvScreenCanvas component to draw on the screen.
  
  Use the Canvas property for the drawing operations. Call BeginPaint before using the Canvas property, 
  and call EndPaint to signal the end of any drawing operation. Read properties Width and Height to
  determine the size of the screen.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvScreenCanvas.BeginPaint
Summary
  Initializes the canvas for a drawing operation.
Description
  Call BeginPaint before using the Canvas property to draw on the screen.

  Each call to BeginPaint must be matched by a corresponding call to EndPaint when the
  drawing operation is complete.
Parameters
  None.
See Also
  Canvas, EndPaint
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvScreenCanvas.Canvas
Summary
  Provides access to the drawing area of the screen.
Description
  TJvScreenCanvas allows drawing on the screen by providing a TCanvas object for this purpose. Drawing 
  on the canvas effectively modifies the screen image pixels. Any canvas operation is valid - not just
  Draw and StretchDraw - including line drawing, rectangles, and circles.

  A canvas object is created automatically for TJvScreenCanvas by calling BeginPaint, and the property 
  is read-only.
See Also
  BeginPaint, EndPaint, Height, Width
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvScreenCanvas.EndPaint
Summary
  Signals the end of a drawing operation.
Description
  Call EndPaint to signal the end of any drawing operation that you preceded by a call to the 
  BeginPaint method.  
Parameters
  None.
See Also
  BeginPaint, Canvas
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvScreenCanvas.Height
Summary
  Indicates the vertical size of the screen in pixels.
Description
  Read Height to learn the size of the user’s screen in pixels.
See Also
  Width
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvScreenCanvas.Width
Summary
  Indicates the horizontal size of the screen in pixels.
Description
  Read Width to learn the size of the user’s screen in pixels.
See Also
  Height