##Package: StdCtrls
##Status: Completed (I)
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@JvScrollBox.pas
Summary
  Contains the TJvScrollBox component.
<INCLUDE JVCL.UnitText.dtx>
Author
  Sébastien Buysse

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvScrollBox
<TITLEIMG TJvScrollBox>
JVCLInfo
  GROUP=JVCL.GridsAndContent.ScrollBoxes
  FLAG=Component
Summary
  Supports extended features such as hot tracking, and responds to navigational key combinations.
Description
  TJvScrollBox is a scroll box that supports extended features such as hot tracking, and responds to
  navigational key combinations.

  You can use OnMouseEnter and OnMouseLeave to alter the controls look or behavoir, when the user moves
  the mouse pointer over the control. Alternatively, you can use property HotTrack to highlight the
  scroll box automatically when the mouse passes over it.

  Use OnHorizontalScroll and OnVerticalScroll to take action when the user scrolls the specified scroll
  bar.

  Property HintColor can be used to set a different color of the Help hint boxes for the scroll box.

  TJvScrollBox scrolls the box in response to the following navigational key combinations:
  <TABLE>
    Key                Action
    -----------------  -----------------------------------------
    UP ARROW           Scrolls one line up.
    DOWN ARROW         Scrolls one line down.
    LEFT ARROW         Scrolls left by one unit.
    RIGHT ARROW        Scrolls right by one unit.
    PAGE DOWN + Shift  Scrolls right by the width of the window.
    PAGE DOWN          Scrolls one page down.
    PAGE UP + Shift    Scrolls left by the width of the window.
    PAGE UP            Scrolls one page up.
    HOME + Shift       Scrolls to the upper left.
    HOME               Scrolls to the left.
    END + Shift        Scrolls to the lower right.
    END                Scrolls to the right.
  </TABLE>

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvScrollBox.HintColor
Summary
  Determines the color of the hint boxes for the Help Hints for the scroll box.
Description
  Use HintColor to specify the hint box color. A default color value of clInfoBk is set for the
  HintColor property in the constructor when the application is created. To change the HintColor assign
  it a new TColor value.
See Also
  TJvScrollBox.HotTrack

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvScrollBox.HotTrack
Summary
  Specifies whether the scroll box is highlighted when the mouse passes over it.
Description
  Set HotTrack to True to provide visual feedback about which item is under the mouse. When HotTrack is
  False, there is no visual feedback when the mouse passes over this control.
See Also
  OnMouseEnter, OnMouseLeave

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvScrollBox.OnHorizontalScroll
Summary
  Occurs when the user scrolls the horizontal scroll bar with the mouse or keyboard.
Description
  \Write an OnHorizontalScroll event handler to take specific action when the user scrolls the
  horizontal scroll bar.
See Also
  TJvScrollBox.OnVerticalScroll

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvScrollBox.OnParentColorChange
Summary
  Occurs when the color property for the parent of the scroll box changes.
Description
  \Write an OnParentColorChange event to take specific action when the ParentColor property changes.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvScrollBox.OnVerticalScroll
Summary
  Occurs when the user scrolls the vertical scroll bar with the mouse or keyboard.
Description
  \Write an OnVerticalScroll event handler to take specific action when the user scrolls the vertical
  scroll bar.
See Also
  TJvScrollBox.OnHorizontalScroll

