##Package: StdCtrls
##Status: Completed (I)
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@JvScrollBar.pas
Summary
  Contains the TJvScrollBar component.
<INCLUDE JVCL.UnitText.dtx>
Author
  Sébastien Buysse

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvScrollBar
<TITLEIMG TJvScrollBar>
JVCLInfo
  GROUP=JVCL.GridsAndContent.Scrollbars,JVCL.CommCtrl
  FLAG=Component
Summary
  Supports extended features such as hot tracking.
Description
  TJvScrollBar is a scroll bar that supports extended features such as hot tracking. It adds events to
  TScrollBar: OnParentColorChange, OnMouseEnter and OnMouseLeave.

  Use OnMouseEnter and OnMouseLeave to alter the controls look or behavior, when the user moves the
  mouse pointer over the control.

  Alternatively, you could use property HotTrack to highlight the scroll bar automatically when the
  mouse passes over it.

  Property HintColor can be used to set a different color of the Help hint boxes for the scroll bar.

  A TJvScrollBar scroll bar can contain objects, such as TButton and TLabel objects.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvScrollBar.HintColor
Summary
  Determines the color of the hint boxes for the Help Hints for the scroll bar.
Description
  Use HintColor to specify the hint box color. A default color value of clInfoBk is set for the
  HintColor property in the constructor when the application is created. To change the HintColor assign
  it a new TColor value.
See Also
  TJvScrollBar.HotTrack

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvScrollBar.HotTrack
Summary
  Specifies whether the scroll bar is highlighted when the mouse passes over it.
Description
  Set HotTrack to true to provide visual feedback when the mouse passes over the scroll bar. When
  HotTrack is false, there is no visual feedback when the mouse passes over the scroll bar.
See Also
  OnMouseEnter, OnMouseLeave

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvScrollBar.OnParentColorChange
Summary
  Occurs when the color property for the parent of the scroll bar changes.
Description
  \Write an OnParentColorChange event to take specific action when the ParentColor property changes.

