##Package: System
##Status: Completed (I)
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@JvScreenResolution.pas
Summary
  Contains the TJvScreenResolution object.
<INCLUDE JVCL.UnitText.dtx>
Author
  Sébastien Buysse

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvScreenResolution
Summary
  Enables access to the graphics modes of the default display device.
Description
  TJvScreenResolution enables you to retrieve information about the possible graphics modes, and to
  change the settings of the default display device.

  Use Count to determine the number of graphics modes. Use Modes or <LINK GetSupportedModes> to
  retrieve information about the possible graphics modes. Use <LINK SetMode> to change the settings of
  the default display device.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvScreenResolution.Count
Summary
  Indicates the number of graphics modes for the display device.
Description
  Use Count when iterating over all the graphics modes in the object.
See Also
  TJvScreenResolution.Modes

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvScreenResolution.GetSupportedModes
Summary
  Retrieves all records describing the possible graphics modes for the display device.
Description
  Use GetSupportedModes to retrieve all records describing the possible graphics modes for the display
  device.

  Use property Count to determine the number of graphics modes for the display device.
Parameters
  Modes - A record array into which the function stores information about the graphics mode. Ensure
           that the record is big enough to store all information.
  Count - The number of graphics modes for a display device.
See Also
  TJvScreenResolution.Count, TJvScreenResolution.Modes

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvScreenResolution.Modes
Summary
  Provides indexed access to the graphics modes in the list maintained by TJvScreenResolution.
Description
  Use Items to access information about individual graphics modes. The Index parameter indicates the
  index of the information record, where 0 is the index of the first record, 1 is the index of the
  second record, and so on.

  Use Items with the Count property to iterate through all of the records in the list.
See Also
  TJvScreenResolution.Count

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvScreenResolution.SetMode
Summary
  Changes the settings of the default display device to the specified graphics mode.
Description
  Call SetMode to change the settings of the default display device.
Parameters
  Value - Describes the new graphics mode.
Return value
  Returns True when the settings change was successful and False when the settings change was
  unsuccessful, possibly because the computer must be restarted in order for the graphics mode to
  work.
See Also
  <LINK GetSupportedModes>

