##Package: HMI
##Status: Locked by marcelb
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@JvSegmentedLEDDisplay.pas
Summary
  Contains the TJvSegmentedLEDDisplay component.
<INCLUDE JVCL.UnitText.dtx>
Author
  Marcel Bestebroer
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@DigitClassList
<TITLE DigitClassList function>
Summary
  Reference to the list of registered digit classes.
Description
  DigitClassList returns a reference to the (thread-safe) list of registered digit classes. It's
  primary use is for design time editing: the DigitClass property shows a list of available digit
  classes you can choose from.

  You should never modify this list directly. Always use one of the Register/Unregister functions to
  manipulate it.
See Also
  RegisterSegmentedLEDDigitClass, RegisterSegmentedLEDDigitClasses,
  UnregisterSegmentedLEDDigitClass, UnregisterSegmentedLEDDigitClasses,
  UnregisterModuleSegmentedLEDDigitClasses, TJvCustomSegmentedLEDDisplay.DigitClass,
  TJvCustomSegmentedLEDDisplay.DigitClassName
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@IdentToUnlitColor
<TITLE IdentToUnlitColor function>
Summary
  Translates an unlit color literal into a \TUnlitColor value.
Description
  IdentToUnlitColor translates an unlit color literal into a TUnlitColor. Because TUnlitColor allows
  for two additional values which should be accesible from the Object Inspector this method is
  needed to perform the translation from the string literal into the actual value.

  If the string literal does not represent one of the two additional values, the StringToColor
  function is called.
Parameters
  Ident - String literal representing a color
  Int   - Ordinal value of the color represented by the Ident value.
See Also
  UnlitColorToIdent, StringToColor, TUnlitColor
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@RegisterSegmentedLEDDigitClass
<TITLE RegisterSegmentedLEDDigitClass procedure>
Summary
  Registers a segmented LED digit class with the system.
Description
  RegisterSegmentedLEDDigitClass registers the specified segmented LED digit class with the system.

  If the class is already registered an exception will be raised.

  The class will also be registered with the streaming system (RegisterClass is called).
Parameters
  DigitClass - Digit class to be registered.
See Also
  RegisterSegmentedLEDDigitClasses,
  UnregisterSegmentedLEDDigitClass, UnregisterSegmentedLEDDigitClasses,
  UnregisterModuleSegmentedLEDDigitClasses, TJvCustomSegmentedLEDDisplay.DigitClass,
  TJvCustomSegmentedLEDDisplay.DigitClassName
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@RegisterSegmentedLEDDigitClasses
<TITLE RegisterSegmentedLEDDigitClasses procedure>
Summary
  Registers a number of segmented LED digit classes with the system.
Description
  RegisterSegmentedLEDDigitClasses registers the specified segmented LED digit classes with the
  system.

  If a class is already registered an exception will be raised.

  Each class will also be registered with the streaming system (RegisterClass is called).
Parameters
  DigitClasses - array of digit classes to register.
See Also
  RegisterSegmentedLEDDigitClass,
  UnregisterSegmentedLEDDigitClass, UnregisterSegmentedLEDDigitClasses,
  UnregisterModuleSegmentedLEDDigitClasses, TJvCustomSegmentedLEDDisplay.DigitClass,
  TJvCustomSegmentedLEDDisplay.DigitClassName
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@T7SegColonUsage
<TITLE T7SegColonUsage type>
Summary
  Determines colon usage for the 7-segmented LED digit.
Description
  The T7SegColonUsage type is used to specify the colon usage for the 7-segmented LED digit.
@@T7SegColonUsage.scuNone
  No colon is rendered.
@@T7SegColonUsage.scuLowOnly
  Only the low dot of the colon is rendered. This can be used to simulate certain HP calculators
  that used this dot as a decimal separator symbol.
@@T7SegColonUsage.scuFull
  Renders the entire colon. Note that each colon dot can be set on or off individual.
@@T7SegColonUsage.scuColonOnly
  Renders the entire colon but hides the other segments. Can be used to render a colon digit in a
  clock for example. 
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJv7SegmentedLEDCharacterMapper
<TITLEIMG TJv7SegmentedLEDCharacterMapper>
JVCLInfo
  GROUP=JVCL.HMI.NonVisual
  FLAG=Component
Summary
  Character mapper for the 7-segmented LED digit.
Description
  TJv7SegmentedLEDCharacterMapper is the character mapper used for the
  <LINK TJv7SegmentedLEDDigit, 7-segmented LED digit>. It provides default mappings for the
  following characters and symbols:

  * all numbers
  * minus (hyphen)
  * A..F (both upper as well as lower case, where C and c are rendered differently, but others are
    rendered the same for upper or lower case)
  * H (different upper and lower case)
  * L, O, P, R, Y (equal upper and lower case versions)
  * U (different upper and lower case version)
  * '
  * "
  * #176 and #248 (both may represent the degree symbol: °)
See Also
  TJvBaseSegmentedLEDCharacterMapper, TJv7SegmentedLEDDigit
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJv7SegmentedLEDDigit
Summary
  Classic 7-segmented LED digit.
Description
  TJv7SegmentedLEDDigit is the classic 7-segmented LED digit as used in many digital clocks and
  calculators.

  As a derivative of TJvBaseSegmentedLEDDigit, this class provides in a DP segment commonly used as
  a decimal point by calculators. In addition it provides a 'colon', made up of two separately
  controllable segments. It allows settings to not show the colon at all, show the low point of the
  colon only, the entire colon or the entire colon without any of the other segments.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJv7SegmentedLEDDigit.UseColon
Summary
  Specifies if and how the colon should be rendered.
Description
  UseColon specifies if and how the colon should be rendered. Read UseColon to determine that state
  or set it to a new value.

  The colon is made up of two separately controllable segments. You can specify if the colon should
  not be shows, only the low point of the colon, the entire colon or the entire colon without any
  of the other segments (the latter is commonly used in digital alarm clocks to separate the hours
  from the minutes).
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvBaseSegmentedLEDCharacterMapper
Summary
  Basic character mapping class.
Description
  TJvBaseSegmentedLEDCharacterMapper is the basic character mapping class. For each digit class a
  character mapper class is created which will contain the default mapping (note: sometimes digit
  classes may share the same mapper, for example when two digit classes have other style segments
  but segment layout remains the same).

  The class provides in methods to map a text to it's segment representation.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvBaseSegmentedLEDCharacterMapper.CurDigit
Summary
  Current digit for which we are mapping.
Description
  CurDigit is a reference to the digit we are currently mapping text for.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvBaseSegmentedLEDCharacterMapper.MapText
Summary
  Maps a text into it's segment representation.
Description
  MapText is the primary method for the TJvBaseSegmentedLEDCharacterMapper class.

  It initializes various flags and data and then calls PrimMapText to map the text starting at the
  specified text pointer into it's segments representation and updates the specified digit
  accordingly.

  On return from this method, the specified digit is updated and the text pointer is advanced to
  the text start for the next digit.

  The mapping string can contain:
  * a single character, except for [. The mapping for this character is applied to the digit.
  * control string between []. Between these two brackets you can modify the segment modifier flag,
    map a character and control individual segments.

  List of control items:
  <TABLE>
    Control item            Description
    ============            ===========
    &<I>Character</I>       Maps a single character and adds/removes the segments to/from the digit.
                              Note that you are allowed to specify multiple & and # items for a
                              single digit to "merge" two or more characters.
    #<I>ASCII value</I>     Maps the character specified by the ordinal value and add/removes the
                              segments to/from the digit. Note that you allowed to specify multiple
                              # and & items for a single digit to "merge" two or more characters.
    +                       Sets the segment modifier to "add": merge new segments with existing
                              segments.
    -                       Sets the segment modifier to "remove": remove new segments from the
                              existing segments.
    <I>Segment name(s)</I>  Adds/removes the specified segments to/from the digit. Segment names may
                              be separated by a comma.
  </TABLE>

  Control items may be separated by a semicolon.

  Note: since the open bracket "[" is used to signal the start of a control items, you can only map
  it by specifying <B>[&[]</B> in the map text.

  Note: characters that can not be mapped are interpreted as an empty digit (i.e. has no influence
  on the digit) and will effectively be skipped.
Parameters
  Text   - Points to the text to map. On exit of the method, Text will point to the text to map for
            the next digit.
  ADigit - Reference to the digit to map for. In some cases certain digit properties may influence
            the actual mapping applied.
See Also
  PrimMapText, CUrDigit
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvBaseSegmentedLEDCharacterMapper.SegMapRemoves
Summary
  Flag indicating if new segments are added or removed from the segment list.
Description
  The SegMapRemoves indicates if new segments are added (default) or removed from the segment list
  for the digit.

  This flag is manipulated by the mapping string when it comes across a + or - symbol within the
  control item markers ([ and ]). 
See Also
  MapText
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvBaseSegmentedLEDCharacterMapper.TextForDigit
Summary
  Contains the mapping text for the digit.
Description
  TextForDigit keeps track of the applied mapping texts. Upon completion of the mapping this
  property will contain a slightly optimized version of the original mapping text (i.e. a #65
  control item will be rewritten as a &A; mappings that did not result in any change will not be
  present in this property).
See Also
  MapText
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvBaseSegmentedLEDDigit
Summary
  Common code for standard segmented digits.
Description
  TJvBaseSegmentedLEDDigit provides the common code and properties for standard segmented digits.

  You should not specify this class as the digit class of a segmented LED display but rather one of
  it's descendants. 
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvBaseSegmentedLEDDigit.DPWidth
Summary
  Additional width required to draw the DP segment.
Description
  DPWidth specifies the additional width required to draw the DP (dot point in lower right corner)
  segment.

  The value of this property is automatically calculated upon changes in the display settings as
  well as after changing the <LINK UseDP, visible state of the DP segment>.

  The fact that the DP is rendered does not automatically result in a DPWidth > 0; if the slant
  angle is such that the upper part shifts to right enough for the DP being rendered in the lower
  right corner, DPWidth will remain 0.

  If the DP is not visible, DPWidth will be 0 at all times.
See Also
  UseDP, Width
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvBaseSegmentedLEDDigit.UseDP
Summary
  Determines if the DP segment is visible.
Description
  UseDP specifies if the DP segment (dot point in the lower right corner) is visible or not. Read
  UseDP to determine if the DP segment is rendered or set it to a new state.

  Setting UseDP may result in a change of the width of the digit. See DPWidth for more information.
See Also
  DPWidth, Width
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvCustomSegmentedLEDDigit
Summary
  Base segmented LED digit.
Description
  TJvCustomSegmentedLEDDigit is the base segmented LED digit class. It provides a common interface
  for communication between the display and it's digits as well as basic rendering and sizing.

  You should not use TJvCustomSegmentedLEDDigit as a digit class, but rather use one of it's
  descendants.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvCustomSegmentedLEDDigit.BaseTop
Summary
  Determine base top of the digit.
Description
  BaseTop specifies the vertical position of the top main segment.

  BaseTop is used to properly align the digits vertically. Some digit types may require additional
  markings above the main digit segments. Those classes will set BaseTop to a value > 0 to have it
  line up properly.

  The default behaviour of BaseTop is to always return 0. Classes that require a different BaseTop
  will override GetBaseTop to return another value.
See Also
  Height, VertAdjust
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvCustomSegmentedLEDDigit.Height
Summary
  Determines the height of the digit.
Description
  Height is the height of the digit, exluding anything above BaseTop.

  Height is used to help auto sizing the display control vertically. Some digit types may require
  additional marking below the main digit segments. Those classes will set Height to a value larger
  than the default value (<LINK TJvCustomSegmentedLEDDisplay.DigitHeight, Display.DigitHeight>).

  The default behaviour for Height is to return
  <LINK TJvCustomSegmentedLEDDisplay.DigitHeight, Display.DigitHeight> Classes that require a
  different Height will override GetHeight to return another value.
See Also
  Display, TJvCustomSegmentedLEDDisplay.DigitHeight
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvCustomSegmentedLEDDigit.Left
Summary
  Determines the left position of the digit.
Description
  Left is the left position of the digit.

  Left is determined by the display control and cannot be changed. Changes in this value made by the
  display control will automatically invalidate the calculated segment renderings, causing them to
  be recalculated upon the first redraw.
See Also
  BaseTop, Display
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvCustomSegmentedLEDDigit.RecalcNeeded
Summary
  Flags if a recalculation of the segments is required.
Description
  RecalcNeeded determines if the layout and position of the segments needs to be recalculated.

  To speed up the rendering of digits, each segment's layout and position is precalculated and
  stored internally. Whenever a digit needs to render it self, it will first check if the layout
  and positions should be recalculated. After that the rendering of the segments takes places
  according the calculated values.

  Recalculation is needed if at least one of the following conditions apply:
  * <LINK TJvCustomSegmentedLEDDisplay.DigitHeight, Display.DigitHeight> is changed
  * <LINK TJvCustomSegmentedLEDDisplay.DigitSpacing, Display.DigitSpacing> is changed
  * <LINK TJvCustomSegmentedLEDDisplay.DigitWidth, Display.DigitWidth> is changed
  * <LINK TJvCustomSegmentedLEDDisplay.DotSize, Display.DotSize> is changed
  * <LINK TJvCustomSegmentedLEDDisplay.SegmentSpacing, Display.SegmentSpacing> is changed
  * <LINK TJvCustomSegmentedLEDDisplay.SegmentThickness, Display.SegmentThickness> is changed
  * <LINK TJvCustomSegmentedLEDDisplay.Slant, Display.Slant> is changed

  Based on the digit class in use other conditions may apply as well.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvCustomSegmentedLEDDigit.Text
Summary
  \String representation of the digit contents.
Description
  Text is the string representation of the digit contents. Read Text to determine which character
  and/or segments are rendered or set it to a new value.

  The value of Text is used to calculate the <LINK TJvCustomSegmentedLEDDisplay.Text, Display.Text>
  property value.

  If <LINK TJvCustomSegmentedLEDDisplay.CharacterMapper, Display.CharacterMapper> is assigned,
  setting Text will pass to the value to the character mapper. The resulting value of this mapping
  is then placed into the property.

  If a mapper is not assigned, setting Text will store the new value without parsing it. Assigning
  a character mapper later will then execute the mapping and the result will be stored in this
  property.
See Also
  TJvCustomSegmentedLEDDisplay.CharacterMapper, TJvBaseSegmentedLEDCharacterMapper.MapText
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvCustomSegmentedLEDDigit.VertAdjust
Summary
  Indicates the vertical adjustment.
Description
  VertAdjust indicates the vertical adjustment used to align the BaseTop of all digits in the
  display to the same position.

  VertAdjust is calculated and adjusted by the <LINK TJvCustomSegmentedLEDDisplay, display control>.
See Also
  BaseTop, Height
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvCustomSegmentedLEDDigit.Width
Summary
  Determines the width of the digit.
Description
  Width determines the width of digit.

  Width is used to help auto sizing the display control horizontally. Some digit types may require
  additional markings to the left or right of the main digit segments. Those classes will set Width
  to a value larger than the default value
  (<LINK TJvCustomSegmentedLEDDisplay.DigitWidth, Display.DigitDigitWidth>).

  The default behaviour for Width is to return
  <LINK TJvCustomSegmentedLEDDisplay.DigitWidth, Display.DigitWidth>. Classes that require a
  different Width will override GetWidth to return another value.
See Also
  Display, TJvCustomSegmentedLEDDisplay.DigitWidth
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvCustomSegmentedLEDDisplay
Summary
  Write here a summary (1 line)
Description
  Write here a description
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvCustomSegmentedLEDDisplay.CharacterMapper
Summary
  Write here a summary (1 line)
Description
  Write here a description
See Also
  List here other properties, methods (comma seperated)
  Remove the 'See Also' section if there are no references
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvCustomSegmentedLEDDisplay.DigitClass
Summary
  Write here a summary (1 line)
Description
  Write here a description
See Also
  List here other properties, methods (comma seperated)
  Remove the 'See Also' section if there are no references
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvCustomSegmentedLEDDisplay.DigitClassName
Summary
  Write here a summary (1 line)
Description
  Write here a description
See Also
  List here other properties, methods (comma seperated)
  Remove the 'See Also' section if there are no references
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvCustomSegmentedLEDDisplay.DigitHeight
Summary
  Write here a summary (1 line)
Description
  Write here a description
See Also
  List here other properties, methods (comma seperated)
  Remove the 'See Also' section if there are no references
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvCustomSegmentedLEDDisplay.Digits
Summary
  Write here a summary (1 line)
Description
  Write here a description
See Also
  List here other properties, methods (comma seperated)
  Remove the 'See Also' section if there are no references
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvCustomSegmentedLEDDisplay.DigitSpacing
Summary
  Write here a summary (1 line)
Description
  Write here a description
See Also
  List here other properties, methods (comma seperated)
  Remove the 'See Also' section if there are no references
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvCustomSegmentedLEDDisplay.DigitWidth
Summary
  Write here a summary (1 line)
Description
  Write here a description
See Also
  List here other properties, methods (comma seperated)
  Remove the 'See Also' section if there are no references
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvCustomSegmentedLEDDisplay.DotSize
Summary
  Write here a summary (1 line)
Description
  Write here a description
See Also
  List here other properties, methods (comma seperated)
  Remove the 'See Also' section if there are no references
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvCustomSegmentedLEDDisplay.FullRefreshNeeded
Summary
  Write here a summary (1 line)
Description
  Write here a description
See Also
  List here other properties, methods (comma seperated)
  Remove the 'See Also' section if there are no references
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvCustomSegmentedLEDDisplay.SegmentLitColor
Summary
  Write here a summary (1 line)
Description
  Write here a description
See Also
  List here other properties, methods (comma seperated)
  Remove the 'See Also' section if there are no references
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvCustomSegmentedLEDDisplay.SegmentSpacing
Summary
  Write here a summary (1 line)
Description
  Write here a description
See Also
  List here other properties, methods (comma seperated)
  Remove the 'See Also' section if there are no references
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvCustomSegmentedLEDDisplay.SegmentThickness
Summary
  Write here a summary (1 line)
Description
  Write here a description
See Also
  List here other properties, methods (comma seperated)
  Remove the 'See Also' section if there are no references
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvCustomSegmentedLEDDisplay.SegmentUnlitColor
Summary
  Write here a summary (1 line)
Description
  Write here a description
See Also
  List here other properties, methods (comma seperated)
  Remove the 'See Also' section if there are no references
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvCustomSegmentedLEDDisplay.Slant
Summary
  Write here a summary (1 line)
Description
  Write here a description
See Also
  List here other properties, methods (comma seperated)
  Remove the 'See Also' section if there are no references
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvCustomSegmentedLEDDisplay.Text
Summary
  Write here a summary (1 line)
Description
  Write here a description
See Also
  List here other properties, methods (comma seperated)
  Remove the 'See Also' section if there are no references
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvSegmentedLEDDigitClassName
<TITLE TJvSegmentedLEDDigitClassName type>
Summary
  Type used to specify the digit class name.
Description
  The TJvSegmentedLEDDigitClassName type is used to specify the digit class name. It's primary use
  is to attach a property editor to it.
See Also
  TJvCustomSegmentedLEDDisplay.DigitClassName
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvSegmentedLEDDigits
Summary
  Write here a summary (1 line)
Description
  Write here a description
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvSegmentedLEDDigits.Items
Summary
  Write here a summary (1 line)
Description
  Write here a description
See Also
  List here other properties, methods (comma seperated)
  Remove the 'See Also' section if there are no references
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvSegmentedLEDDisplay
<TITLEIMG TJvSegmentedLEDDisplay>
JVCLInfo
  GROUP=JVCL.HMI.Indicators
  FLAG=Component
Summary
  Write here a summary (1 line)
Description
  Write here a description
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TPointArray
<TITLE TPointArray type>
Summary
  Dynamic array of /TPoint items.
Description
  TPointArray represents a dynamic array of TPoint items. It's used by the TSegmentRenderInfo
  record. 
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TSegmentRenderInfo
<TITLE TSegmentRenderInfo type>
Summary
  Represents the rendering info for a segment.
Description
  TSegmentRenderInfo represents the rendering info for a segment. It consists of a render type flag
  and an array of TPoint values. How this point array is interpreted depends on the render type
  flag.
@@TSegmentRenderInfo.RenderType
  Specifies the segment render type.
@@TSegmentRenderInfo.Points
  Array of TPoint values. How these TPoint values are used depends on the render type flag.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TSegmentRenderInfoArray
<TITLE TSegmentRenderInfoArray type>
Summary
  Dynamic array of /TSegmentRenderInfo items.
Description
  TSegmentRenderInfoArray represents a dynamic array of TSegmentRenderInfo items. It's used to store
  rendering information for each segment.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TSegmentRenderType
<TITLE TSegmentRenderType type>
Summary
  Type used to specify the render type of a segment.
Description
  The TSegmentRenderType type is used to specify the render type of a segment.
@@TSegmentRenderType.srtNone
  Segment is not rendered. The TSegmentRenderInfo.Points array is not used.
@@TSegmentRenderType.srtPolygon
  Segment is rendered as a polygon. The TSegmentRenderInfo.Points array are the points used in a
  call to TCanvas.Polygon.
@@TSegmentRenderType.srtRect
  Segment is rendered as a rectangle. Only the first two items of the TSegmentRenderInfo.Points
  array are used. THe first TPoint is the upper left corner and the second TPoint is the lower right
  corner.
@@TSegmentRenderType.srtCircle
  Segment is rendered as a circle or ellipse. Only the first two items of the
  TSegmentRenderInfo.Points array are used. THe first TPoint is the upper left corner and the second
  TPoint is the lower right corner of the bounding rectangle.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TSlantAngle
<TITLE TSlantAngle type>
Summary
  Represents the slant angle of a digit.
Description
  The TSlantAngle type is used to represent the slant angle of a digit. It's limited to 0 (up right)
  to 44 degrees
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TUnlitColor
<TITLE TUnlitColor type>
Summary
  Represents a color for unlit segments.
Description
  The TUnlitColor type represents a color for unlit segments. It's compatible with TColor but two
  additional constants are registered for it:

  <TABLE>
    Constant                  Value       Meaning
    ========                  =====       =======
    clDefaultBackground       $20100001   Unlit color is calculated based on the current background
                                            color.
    clDefaultLitColor         $20100002   Unlit color is calculated based on the difference between
                                            the lit color and background color.
  </TABLE>
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@UnlitColorToIdent
<TITLE UnlitColorToIdent function>
Summary
  Translates a \TUnlitColor value into an unlit color literal.
Description
  UnlitColorToIdent translates a TUnlitColor value into an unlit color literal. Because TUnlitColor
  allows for two additional values which should be accesible from the Object Inspector this method
  is needed to perform the translation from the actual value into the string literal.

  If the value does not correspond to one of the two additional values, the ColorToString
  function is called.
Parameters
  Int   - Ordinal value of a TUnlitColor value.
  Ident - String literal representing the color specified by Int
See Also
  IdentToUnlitColor, ColorToString, TUnlitColor
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@UnregisterModuleSegmentedLEDDigitClasses
<TITLE UnregisterModuleSegmentedLEDDigitClasses procedure>
Summary
  Write here a summary (1 line)
Description
  Write here a description
Parameters
  Module - Description for this parameter
See Also
  List here other properties, methods (comma seperated)
  Remove the 'See Also' section if there are no references
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@UnregisterSegmentedLEDDigitClass
<TITLE UnregisterSegmentedLEDDigitClass procedure>
Summary
  Write here a summary (1 line)
Description
  Write here a description
Parameters
  DigitClass - Description for this parameter
See Also
  List here other properties, methods (comma seperated)
  Remove the 'See Also' section if there are no references
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@UnregisterSegmentedLEDDigitClasses
<TITLE UnregisterSegmentedLEDDigitClasses procedure>
Summary
  Write here a summary (1 line)
Description
  Write here a description
Parameters
  DigitClasses - Description for this parameter
See Also
  List here other properties, methods (comma seperated)
  Remove the 'See Also' section if there are no references

