##Package: StdCtrls
##Status: Completed
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@JvShape.pas
Summary
  Contains the TJvShape component.
<INCLUDE JVCL.UnitText.dtx>
Author
  Sébastien Buysse
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvShape
<TITLEIMG TJvShape>
JVCLInfo
  GROUP=JVCL.Graphics.Shapes
  FLAG=Component
Summary
  Supports extended features such as hot tracking.
Description
  TJvShape is a shape that supports extended features such as hot tracking.

  TJvShape adds four events to TShape: OnCtl3DChanged, OnParentColorChange, OnMouseEnter and
  OnMouseLeave.

  You can use OnMouseEnter and OnMouseLeave to alter the shape's look or behavoir, when the user
  moves the mouse pointer over the control.

  Property HintColor can be used to set a different color of the Help hint boxes for the shape.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvShape.AboutJVCL
<INCLUDE JVCL.Main.AboutJVCL.dtx>
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvShape.Create
Summary
  Creates and initializes an instance of TJvShape.
Description
  Call \Create to create an instance of TJvShape at runtime. A TJvShape component placed on a
  form at design time is created automatically.

  Pass a single Component as a parameter to provide the shape with an Owner that is responsible
  for freeing it.

  \Create calls the inherited \Create method, then sets the initial values for the shape as follows:

  * HintColor is set to clInfoBk.
Parameters
  AOwner - The owner for the instance of TJvShape.
See Also
  HintColor, OnMouseEnter, OnMouseLeave, OnParentColorChange
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvShape.HintColor
Summary
  Determines the color of the hint boxes for the Help Hints for the shape.
Description
  Use HintColor to specify the hint box color. A default color value of clInfoBk is set for the
  HintColor property in the constructor when the application is created. To change the HintColor
  assign it a new TColor value.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvShape.OnMouseEnter
Summary
  Occurs when the mouse pointer moves over the shape.
Description
  \Write an OnMouseEnter event handler to take specific action when the user moves the mouse over the
  shape. For example, you can use this event to change the brush color when the mouse is over the
  shape, and then use the OnMouseLeave event to change it back when the mouse moves off the shape.
See Also
  OnMouseLeave
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvShape.OnMouseLeave
Summary
  Occurs when the mouse pointer moves off the shape.
Description
  \Write an OnMouseLeave event handler to take specific action when the user moves the mouse off the
  shape. For example, you can use this event to undo changes that were made in an OnMouseEnter
  event handler.
See Also
  OnMouseEnter
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvShape.OnParentColorChange
Summary
  Occurs when the color property for the parent of the shape changes.
Description
  \Write an OnParentColorChange event to take specific action when the ParentColor property changes.
See Also
  OnCtl3DChanged
