##Package: Ctrls
##Status: Completed (I)
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@JvSpacer.pas
Summary
  Contains the TJvSpacer component.
<INCLUDE JVCL.UnitText.dtx>
Author
  Peter Below


----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvSpacer
<TITLEIMG TJvSpacer>
JVCLInfo
  GROUP=JVCL.FormsAndApp.Forms
  FLAG=Component
Summary
  Can be used as a spacer on a window.
Description
  TJvSpacer can be used as a spacer on a window. Use this component if you need to create a gap
  between two controls.

  Set property Align to position the spacing object on the screen, and set property Spacing to
  determine the size of the control.

  Note that you can't place components on a TJvSpacer, and that it has no caption.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvSpacer.Create
Summary
  Creates and initializes an instance of JvSpacer.
Description
  Call \Create to create an instance of JvSpacer at runtime. A JvSpacer component placed on a form at
  design time is created automatically.

  \Create calls the inherited \Create method, then sets the initial values for the spacing object as
  follows:

  * Spacing is set 4.
  * csAcceptsControls and csSetCaption are removed from ControlStyle.
Parameters
  AOwner - The owner for the instance of TJvSpacer.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvSpacer.SetBounds
Summary
  Sets the spacing object's boundary properties all at once.
Description
  Use SetBounds to change all of the control’s boundary properties at once. SetBounds uses the
  Spacing property to determine the actual new height or width of the spacing object.
Parameters
  ALeft   - Specifies the horizontal coordinate of the left edge of the spacing object relative to
         its parent.
  ATop    - Specifies the vertical coordinate of the top left edge of the spacing object relative to
           its parent.
  AWidth  - Specifies the horizontal size of the spacing object or form in pixels.
  AHeight - Specifies the vertical size of the spacing object in pixels.
See Also
  TJvSpacer.Spacing

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvSpacer.Spacing
Summary
  Determines the size of the spacing object.
Description
  Use Spacing in combination with property Align to set the size of the spacing object. If Align
  equals alTop or alBottom then Spacing determines the height of the spacing object. If Align equals
  alLeft or
  alRight then Spacing determines the width of the spacing object.
See Also
  TJvSpacer.SetBounds

