##Package: Cmp
##Status: Completed (III) (peter3)
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@JvSpellChecker.pas
Summary
  Contains the TJvSpellChecker component.
<INCLUDE JVCL.UnitText.dtx>
Author
  Peter Thörnqvist


----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvSpellChecker
Summary
  Provides spellchecker functionality.
Description
  Use TJvSpellChecker when you want to add spell checking functionality to your application.
  TJvSpellChecker can spell check any text. TJvSpellChecker is a non-visual component and does not
  display any dialogs. To to implement a spell checking dialog, see the demo included with JVCL for
  an example on how to do that.
  
  TJvSpellChecker implements the IJvSpellIntf interface.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvSpellChecker.Delimiters
Summary
  Specifies the characters that are used to break the text into words.
Description
  Use Delimiters to set or \read the characters that are used to delimit text.
See Also
  TJvSpellChecker.Text

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvSpellChecker.Dictionary
Summary
  Defines the basic dictionary used to check spelling against.
Description
  Use Dictionary to set and \read the base dictionary used for spell checking. This value should
  point to a file on disk. If no dictionary is set, no spell checking can take place.
See Also
  TJvSpellChecker.UserDictionary

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvSpellChecker.Ignores
Summary
  Contains a list of words to ignore.
Description
  Ignores is used for words that should be ignored in the current session. To make an ignored word
  persistent, you should call UserDictionary.Add and then save/load the UserDictionary to storage as
  needed.
  
  In a typical spell checking application, Ignores is used to implement "Ignore All" functionality.
See Also
  TJvSpellChecker.Text, IJvSpellChecker.GetCurrentWord

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvSpellChecker.OnCanIgnore
Summary
  Event handler that is called for every word in the text.
Description
  Write a handler for the OnCanIgnore event when you need to set up ignores for words that can't be
  easily captured using a simple table driven spell checker. For example, to ignore upper case words,
  you could write an event handler that compares the current word with its upper cased variant and
  set CanIgnore to true if they match.
Parameters
  Sender    - The IJvSpellChecker implementor
  Value     - The string to check.
  CanIgnore - Set to true to skip the word, false to handle it normally.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvSpellChecker.SpellChecker
Summary
  Reference to the implemented interface.
Description
  Use SpellChecker to access the IJvSpellChecker interface and its methods and properties. For
  example,
  TJvSpellChecker does not surface any of the IJvSpellChecker methods like Seek, Next or
  GetCurrentWord.
  To access these in your application, use the SpellChecker property.
See Also
  IJvSpellChecker

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvSpellChecker.Text
Summary
  The Text to spell check.
Description
  Use Text to set the text to spell check. When Text is changed, spell checking is reset to the start
  of the string.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvSpellChecker.UserDictionary
Summary
  A sorted list of words the user has selected as his own words.
Description
  UserDictionary is used to manage the users own words. The main difference between a dictionary and a
  user dictionary is that you cannot change the content of the main dictionary once loaded (without
  reloading it).
  
  In addition, UserDictionary contains a list of sorted words, one per line, whereas the dictionary
  might be in any format.
  
  Use UserDictionary to create a list of words that the user has chosen as his own word. For example,
  in a typical spell checking application, this property can be used to implement "Add" functionality.
See Also
  TJvSpellChecker.Dictionary, TJvSpellChecker.Ignores

