##Package: Ctrls
##Status: Completed (I)
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@JvSplitter.pas
Summary
  Contains the TJvSplitter component.
<INCLUDE JVCL.UnitText.dtx>
Author
  Sébastien Buysse

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvSplitter
<TITLEIMG TJvSplitter>
JVCLInfo
  GROUP=JVCL.FormsAndApp.Forms.Sizing
  FLAG=Component
Summary
  Adds events that can be used for hot tracking.
Description
  You can use OnMouseEnter and OnMouseLeave to alter the controls look or behavior, when the user moves
  the mouse pointer over the control.

  Use property HintColor to change the color of the hint boxes for the scroll box.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvSplitter.HintColor
Summary
  Determines the color of the hint boxes for the Help Hints for the splitter control.
Description
  Use HintColor to specify the hint box color. A default color value of clInfoBk is set for the
  HintColor property in the constructor when the application is created. To change the HintColor assign
  it a new TColor value.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvSplitter.OnParentColorChange
Summary
  Occurs when the color property for the parent of the splitter control changes.
Description
  \Write an OnParentColorChange event to take specific action when the ParentColor property changes.

