##Package: Net
##Status: Completed (I) (peter3)
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@JvStringListToHtml.pas
Summary
  Contains the TJvStringListToHtml component.
<INCLUDE JVCL.UnitText.dtx>
Author
  Sébastien Buysse
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvStringListToHtml
<TITLEIMG TJvStringListToHtml>
JVCLInfo
  GROUP=JVCL.Miscel, JVCL.Internet.ConvertersAndParsers.HTML
  FLAG=Component
Summary
  Converts a plain string list to a \HTML formatted equivalent.
Description
  Use TJvStringListToHtml to simplify the creation of a \HTML document from a string list. At design-time, 
  use the property editor from Strings to change the content of the string list. You can then read the formatted strings
  from the HTML property. At run-time you can call the ConvertToHtml and the ConvertToHTMLStrings methods to perform
  the conversion on any arbitrary TStrings instance. Use HTMLTitle, HTMLLineBreak and IncludeHeader to modify
  the \HTML inserted into the string list.

  The structure of the generated \HTML looks like this:
<AUTOLINK OFF>
<CODE>
  \<HTML\>
    \<HEAD\>
      \<TITLE\>HTMLTitle\</TITLE\>
    \</HEAD\>
    \<BODY\>
     Strings[0] + \HTMLLineBreak
     Strings[1] + \HTMLLineBreak
     Strings[2] + \HTMLLineBreak
     ...
     Strings[n] + \HTMLLineBreak
    \</BODY\>
  \</HTML\>
</CODE>
<AUTOLINK ON>
  If IncludeHeader is false, only the Strings[] + HTMLLineBreak lines are included in the result.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvStringListToHtml.ConvertToHTML
Summary
  Inserts HTML formatted text into a string list and saves the
  result to a file.
Description
  Call ConvertToHtml to format a string list with HTML codes
  and save the result to a file.
Parameters
  Source :    The string list to read from. This list is unaffected
              by the conversion.
  FileName :  The name of the file to save to. If the file already
              exists, it will be overwritten.
See Also
  ConvertToHTMLStrings
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvStringListToHtml.ConvertToHTMLStrings
Summary
  Converts the strings in one list to \HTML formatted text in another.
Description
  Call ConvertToHTMLStrings when you want to convert an arbitrary TStrings instance to HTML and store the result
  in another string list.
Parameters
  Source  - The original, unformatted string list.
  Destination - The string list to put the \HTML formatted strings into. Destination is not cleared before adding the HTML strings.
See Also
  ConvertToHtml
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvStringListToHtml.HTML
Summary
  Contains the content of Strings converted to \HTML.
Description
  \Read HTML to access the HTML equivalent of Strings. The actual content of HTML is modified by
  the settings of the HTMLTitle, HTMLLineBreak and IncludeHeader properties.
See Also
  Strings, HTMLTitle, HTMLLineBreak, IncludeHeader
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvStringListToHtml.HTMLLineBreak
Summary
  Specifies the string to use for line breaks.
Description
  Use HTMLLineBreak to specify the \HTML string to use for line breaks in the \HTML list. This value is '\<BR\>' by default.
See Also
  HTMLTitle
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvStringListToHtml.HTMLTitle
Summary
  Specifies the string to put into the title of the \HTML header.
Description
  Use HTMLTitle to specify the \HTML string to use for the title string in the \HTML header. This value is
  'Converted by TJvStringListToHtml' by default.
See Also
  HTMLLineBreak
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvStringListToHtml.IncludeHeader
Summary
  Determines if the converted string list is to be constructed as a complete document.
Description
  Use IncludeHeader to specify if the converted HTML is enclosed in the \HTML, HEAD and BODY tags
  and comprises a complete document. If IncludeHeader is false, a HTMLLineBreak is appended to each
  string in Strings. If IncludeHeader is true, a complete \HTML document is constructed.
Note
  When calling ConvertToHtml, this property is ignored and the file is always written as a complete \HTML document.
See Also
  ConvertToHtml, ConvertToHTMLStrings, HTMLTitle, HTMLLineBreak
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvStringListToHtml.Strings
Summary
  The strings to convert to \HTML.
Description
  Strings contains the plain text strings that should be converted to \HTML. Read the \HTML from the HTML property.
  Assign a TStrings instance to the Strings property or use the methods of the TStrings class to modify the content of Strings.
Note
  You can use either the Strings and HTML properties or the ConvertToHtml and ConvertToHTMLStrings methods to perform
  the conversion.
See Also
  HTML, ConvertToHtml, ConvertToHTMLStrings
