##Package: Ctrls
##Status: Completed, Incomplete
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@JvSyncSplitter.pas
Summary
  Contains the TJvSyncSplitter component.
<INCLUDE JVCL.UnitText.dtx>
Author
  Peter Below

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvSyncSplitter
<TITLEIMG TJvSyncSplitter>
JVCLInfo
  GROUP=JVCL.FormsAndApp.Forms.Sizing
  FLAG=Component
Summary
  Synchronizes two split controls.
Description
  Use TJvSyncSplitter to synchronize the movements of two splitters.

  Set Partner to specify another TJvSyncSplitter control which must be synchronized with the splitter.

  If you specify a Partner and change the position of the splitter at runtime, the position of the
  "partner" splitter will change also.

  If you also set the Partner property of the second splitter to the first splitter, then both
  splitters will be synchronized. So if you move either of these TJvSyncSplitter controls at run-time,
  the position of the other TJvSyncSplitter control will change also.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvSyncSplitter.Notification
Summary
  Responds to notifications when objects are about to be created or destroyed.
Description
  Notification is called automatically when components are created or destroyed. After calling the
  inherited method, Notification checks whether the windowed control specified by the Partner property
  is about to be destroyed. If the windowed control is going away, Notification sets the Partner
  property to nil.
Parameters
  AComponent - Identifies the component that is about to be created or destroyed.
  Operation  - Specifies whether the component is about to be created or destroyed.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvSyncSplitter.Partner
Summary
  Specifies the partner splitter control.
Description
  Use Partner to link the splitter to another splitter (the "partner") so that the position of the
  partner will be synchronized with the splitters position. Thus if you specify a Partner and change
  the position of the splitter at runtime, the position of the "partner" splitter will change also.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvSyncSplitter.ResizeStyle
Summary
  Write here a summary (1 line)
Description
  Write here a description
See Also
  List here other properties, methods (comma seperated)
  Remove the 'See Also' section if there are no references

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvSyncSplitter.WndProc
Summary
  Provides specific message responses for the splitter control.
Description
  WndProc overrides the WndProc for TWinControl to handle mouse messages, and sends all messages to the
  inherited WndProc.
Parameters
  Msg - Represents the Windows message.

