##Package: StdCtrls
##Status: Completed (I)
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@JvTabControl.pas
Summary
  Contains the TJvTabControl component.
<INCLUDE JVCL.UnitText.dtx>
Author
  Sébastien Buysse
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvTabControl
<TITLEIMG TJvTabControl>
JVCLInfo
  GROUP=JVCL.PagesAndTabs
  FLAG=Component
Summary
  Adds events that can be used for hot tracking.
Description
  TJvTabControl is a tab control that supports extended features.

  You can use OnMouseEnter and OnMouseLeave to alter the controls look or behavoir, when the user
  moves the mouse pointer over the control.

  Use property HintColor to change the color of the hint boxes for the tab control.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvTabControl.HintColor
Summary
  Determines the color of the hint boxes for the Help Hints for the tab control.
Description
  Use HintColor to specify the hint box color. A default color value of clInfoBk is set for the
  HintColor property in the constructor when the application is created. To change the HintColor
  assign it a new TColor value.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvTabControl.OnParentColorChange
Summary
  Occurs when the color property for the parent of the scroll bar changes.
Description
  \Write an OnParentColorChange event to take specific action when the ParentColor property changes.
