@@JvTextcontainer.pas
<GROUP JVCL.FileRef>
Summary
  Contains the TJvTextcontainer component.
<INCLUDE JVCL.UnitText.dtx>
Author
  Peter Below
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvTextContainer
##JVCL:Component
<TITLEIMG TJvTextContainer>
<GROUP JVCL.Miscel>
Summary
  Embeds strings.
Description
  Use TJvTextContainer to embed strings in a component. Properties Lines and Text can be used to 
  manipulate or view the strings.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvTextContainer.Create
Summary
  Creates and initializes a new TJvTextContainer object.
Description
  Use Create to create and initialize a new TJvTextContainer object.
Parameters
  aOwner - A component, typically the form, that is responsible for freeing the component.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvTextContainer.Destroy
Summary
  Destroys an instance of TJvTextContainer
Description
  Do not call Destroy directly in an application. Instead, call Free. Free verifies that the 
  TJvTextContainer object is not nil and only then calls Destroy.
Parameters
  None.
See Also
  Create
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvTextContainer.Lines
Summary
  Contains the individual lines of text embedded in the control.
Description
  Use Lines to manipulate the text contained in the component on a line-by-line basis. Lines is a 
  TStrings object, so the TStrings methods may be used for Lines to perform manipulations such as 
  counting the lines of text, adding new lines, deleting lines, or replacing lines with new text.

  To work with all the text at once, use the Text property. To manipulate individual lines of text, 
  the Lines property works better.
See Also
  Text
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvTextContainer.Text
Summary
  Lists the lines of text contained in the component as a single string with the individual strings
  delimited by carriage returns and line feeds.
Description
  Use Text to get all the strings in the TStrings object in a single string delimited by carriage 
  return, line feed pairs.

  When reading Text, the strings contained in the component will be separated by carriage return 
  and line feed. If any of the strings contained in the component, contain a carriage return and 
  line feed, the resulting value of Text will appear to contain more strings than is indicated by 
  the Count property of property Lines.
  
  Instead of Text you could use the CommaText or DelimitedText properties of property Lines.

  Text is read-only.
See Also
  Lines
