##Package: System
##Status: Completed, Incomplete (peter3)
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@JvThreadTimer.pas
Summary
  Contains the TJvThreadTimer component.
<INCLUDE JVCL.UnitText.dtx>
Author
  Sébastien Buysse, Ivo Bauer

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvThreadTimer
<TITLEIMG TJvThreadTimer>
JVCLInfo
  GROUP=JVCL.System.AlarmsAndTimers.Timers,JVCL.System.LibProcAndThread.Threads
  FLAG=Component
Summary
  TTimer replacement that utilizes a thread and has a higher accuracy.
Description
  This component is a replacement for the TTimer component with a better accuracy (1 millisecond) and
  without consuming a window handle for the timer.

  TJvThreadTimer uses an internal thread instead of the Windows API timer functions, and can have an
  accuracy of a millisecond, but it will consume more CPU than a TTimer.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvThreadTimer.Create
Summary
  Creates and initializes a new TJvThreadTimer object.
Description
  Use \Create to create and initialize a new TJvThreadTimer object.

  \Create calls the inherited \Create method, creates a thread and then sets the initial values for the
  timer as follows:

  * Interval is set to 100.
  * Enabled is set to false.
  * Priority is set to tpNormal
  * KeepAlive is set to false.
Parameters
  AOwner - A component, typically the form, that is responsible for freeing the timer.
See Also
  TJvThreadTimer.Interval

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvThreadTimer.Destroy
Summary
  Destroys an instance of TJvThreadTimer
Description
  Do not call Destroy directly in an application. Instead, call Free. Free verifies that the
  TJvThreadTimer object is not nil and only then calls Destroy.
See Also
  TJvThreadTimer.Create

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvThreadTimer.Enabled
Summary
  \Controls whether the timer generates OnTimer events periodically.
Description
  Use Enabled to enable or disable the timer. If Enabled is true, the timer responds normally. If
  Enabled is false, the timer does not generate OnTimer events. The default is false.
See Also
  TJvThreadTimer.KeepAlive, TJvThreadTimer.OnTimer

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvThreadTimer.Interval
Summary
  Determines the amount of time, in milliseconds, that passes before the timer component initiates
  another OnTimer event.
Description
  Interval determines how frequently the OnTimer event occurs. Each time the specified interval passes,
  the OnTimer event occurs.

  Use Interval to specify any cardinal value as the interval between OnTimer events. The default value
  is 100 (1/10 second).
See Also
  TJvThreadTimer.OnTimer

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvThreadTimer.KeepAlive
Summary
  Indicates whether to keep the thread alive while disabling the timer.
Description
  Use KeepAlive to specify whether the timer should keep the thread alive or destroy the thread when
  Enabled is set to false.

  Set KeepAlive to false to destroy the thread when Enabled is set to false. When Enabled is set to
  true again, the timer will create a new thread. Set KeepAlive to true to suspend but not destroy the
  thread if Enabled is set to false.
See Also
  TJvThreadTimer.Enabled

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvThreadTimer.OnTimer
Summary
  Occurs when a specified amount of time, determined by the Interval property, has passed.
Description
  \Write an OnTimer event handler to execute an action at regular intervals.

  The Interval property of a timer determines how frequently the OnTimer event occurs. Each time the
  specified interval passes, the OnTimer event occurs.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvThreadTimer.Priority
Summary
  Determines the thread's scheduling priority relative to other threads in the process.
Description
  Priority indicates the priority used when scheduling the thread. Adjust the priority higher or lower
  as needed.
Note
  Boosting the thread priority of a CPU intensive operation may "starve" the other threads in the
  application. Only apply priority boosts to threads that spend most of their time waiting for external
  events.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvThreadTimer.Thread
Summary
  Write here a summary (1 line)
Description
  Write here a description
See Also
  List here other properties, methods (comma seperated)
  Remove the 'See Also' section if there are no references

