##Package: Cmp
##Status: Completed (I)
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@JvTimeLimit.pas
Summary
  Contains the TJvTimeLimit component.
<INCLUDE JVCL.UnitText.dtx>
Author
  Sébastien Buysse

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvTimeLimit
<TITLEIMG TJvTimeLimit>
JVCLInfo
  GROUP=JVCL.FormsAndApp.Application, JVCL.System.AlarmsAndTimers.Alarms
  FLAG=Component
Summary
  Adds a date limit to the execution of an application.
Description
  Use TJvTimeLimit to limit the possible execution of an application with an end date. Use EndDate to
  specify an expiration date after or on which the application won't start.

  Use the OnExpire event to take specific actions, if the current date is past or on the date specified
  by EndDate.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvTimeLimit.EndDate
Summary
  Indicates an end date, after which the application won't start.
Description
  Use EndDate to set the last possible date that the application will work. If the user starts the
  application after or on the date specified by EndDate, TJvTimeLimit triggers the OnExpire event and
  terminates the application.
See Also
  TJvTimeLimit.OnExpire

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvTimeLimit.Loaded
Summary
  Checks whether the EndDate is reached.
Description
  Loaded is called automatically when the form containing the TJvTimeLimit control has been loaded into
  memory. TJvTimeLimit uses this method to check whether the date specified by EndDate is reached. If
  so, it triggers the OnExpire event and the terminates the application.
See Also
  TJvTimeLimit.EndDate, TJvTimeLimit.OnExpire

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvTimeLimit.OnExpire
Summary
  Occurs when the current date is equal or past the date specified by EndDate.
Description
  \Write an OnExpire event handler to take specific action when the current date is equal or past the
  date specified by EndDate. For example, you can display a message box that notifies the user the
  application has expired.

  After the event is handled the application is terminated. If no event handler is specified,
  TJvTimeLimit shows a default message.
See Also
  TJvTimeLimit.EndDate

