##Package: StdCtrls
##Status: Completed (II)
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@JvToolBar.pas
Summary
  Contains the TJvToolBar component.
<INCLUDE JVCL.UnitText.dtx>
Author
  Sébastien Buysse

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvToolBar
<TITLEIMG TJvToolBar>
JVCLInfo
  GROUP=JVCL.CommCtrl,JVCL.Bars.MenusAndTools
  FLAG=Component
Summary
  Adds events that can be used for hot tracking.
Description
  TJvToolBar is a toolbar that supports extended features.

  You can use OnMouseEnter and OnMouseLeave to alter the controls look or behavoir, when the user moves
  the mouse pointer over the control.

  Use property HintColor to change the color of the hint boxes for the toolbar.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvToolBar.HintColor
Summary
  Determines the color of the hint boxes for the Help Hints for the toolbar.
Description
  Use HintColor to specify the hint box color. A default color value of clInfoBk is set for the
  HintColor property in the constructor when the application is created. To change the HintColor assign
  it a new TColor value.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvToolBar.Menu
Summary
  Indicates the menu that the toolbar must reproduce.
Description
  This property is an overload of the inherited property from TToolBar; however, it accepts a
  TJvMainMenu and takes advantage of the menu modification notification to automatically update itself
  when the menu is changed.
See Also
  TToolbar

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvToolBar.OnParentColorChange
Summary
  Occurs when the color property for the parent of the tool bar changes.
Description
  \Write an OnParentColorChange event to take specific action when the ParentColor property changes.

