----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@JvTransLED.pas
Summary
  Contains the TJvTransLED component.
<INCLUDE JVCL.UnitText.dtx>
Author
  Thomas Hensle
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvTransLED
<TITLEIMG TJvTransLED>
JVCLInfo
  GROUP=JVCL.Graphics.Static
  FLAG=Component
Summary
  Displays a LED in all possible colors.
Description
  Use TJvTransLED to display LED's in all possible colors. Use property Color to speciy the color of
  the LED.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvTransLED.Color
Summary
  Determines the color of the LED.
Description
  Color determines the color of the LED. This value can be one of the constants defined in the Graphics
  unit (such as clBlue), or to an explicit RGB integer value.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvTransLED.SetBounds
Summary
  Sets the Left, Top, Width, and Height properties all at once.
Description
  Use SetBounds to change all of the LED control’s boundary properties at one time. The same
  effect can be achieved by setting the Left, Top, Width, and Height properties separately, but SetBounds
  changes all four properties at once, ensuring that the control will not repaint between changes. 
Note	
  Calling SetBounds does not necessarily result in the Left, Top, Width, and Height properties changing 
  to the specified values. Before the properties are changed, the AutoSize or Constraints property may 
  limit the changes.
Parameters
  ALeft   - \New value for the Left property.
  ATop    - \New value for the Top property.
  AWidth  - \New value for the Width property.
  AHeight - \New value for the Height property.
