##Package: MM
##Status: Completed (II)
##Skip: TJvVirtualKeySelectionFrame.chkCtrl
##Skip: TJvVirtualKeySelectionFrame.chkShift
##Skip: TJvVirtualKeySelectionFrame.cmbVirtualKey
##Skip: TJvVirtualKeySelectionFrame.lblModifiers
##Skip: TJvVirtualKeySelectionFrame.lblVirtualKey
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@JvVirtualKeySelectionFrame.pas
Summary
  Contains the TJvVirtualKeySelectionFrame component.
<INCLUDE JVCL.UnitText.dtx>
Author
  Olivier Sannier


----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvVirtualKeySelectionFrame
Summary
  Allows you to select a virtual key.
Description
  This frame was originally created to be used with a TJvAVICapture component to select the virtual
  key that would cancel the capture session; however, you can use this frame to allow your user to
  select any virtual key for any other use.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvVirtualKeySelectionFrame.CombinedKeyCode
Summary
  Returns a key code that contains the shift state.
Description
  The combined key code is the KeyCode combined with the shift state according to this formula:
 
  <AUTOLINK OFF>
  <CODE>
  if ssShift in ShiftState then Result := Result or $4000;
  if ssCtrl in ShiftState then Result := Result or $4000; 
  </CODE>
  <AUTOLINK ON>
See Also
  TJvVirtualKeySelectionFrame.KeyCode, TJvVirtualKeySelectionFrame.ShiftState

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvVirtualKeySelectionFrame.KeyCode
Summary
  The key code entered by the user.
Description
  If you want the shift state combined in this value, use CombinedKeyCode.
See Also
  TJvVirtualKeySelectionFrame.CombinedKeyCode, TJvVirtualKeySelectionFrame.ShiftState

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvVirtualKeySelectionFrame.ShiftState
Summary
  The shift state the user chose.
Description
  The returned value is of type TShiftState to be used with standard Delphi events.
See Also
  TJvVirtualKeySelectionFrame.CombinedKeyCode, TJvVirtualKeySelectionFrame.KeyCode

