##Package: XPCtrls
##Status: Completed,Checked (peter3)
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@JvXPCoreUtils.pas
Summary
  Contains the utility functions used by the XP Controls.
<INCLUDE JVCL.UnitText.dtx>
Author
  Marc Hoffman.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@JvXPAdjustBoundRect
<TITLE JvXPAdjustBoundRect procedure>
Summary
  Adjust a TRect based on several parameters.
Description
  JvXPAdjustBoundRect is used to modify the size of a TRect based on the current value of several
  properties. When entering the procedure, Rect should be set to the current bounding rect of the
  control. When returning, Rect has been modified with the new values.
Parameters
  BorderWidth    - Width of the controls borders.
  ShowBoundLines - Determines if BoundLines is valid.
  BoundLines     - Contains a set of edges that are showing in the control.
  Rect           - At entry, contains the bounding rect of the control. At exit, contains the modified
                    values.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@JvXPColorizeBitmap
<TITLE JvXPColorizeBitmap procedure>
Summary
  Changes the background color of a bitmap.
Description
  JvXPColorizeBitmap changes the background color of a bitmap to a new color.
Parameters
  Bitmap - The bitmap to change.
  AColor - The new background color for the bitmap.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@JvXPConvertToGray2
<TITLE JvXPConvertToGray2 procedure>
Summary
  Converts a color image to a gray scale image.
Description
  Use JvXPConvertToGray2 to convert a bitmap image to a gray scale equivalent.
Parameters
  Bitmap - The bitmap to convert.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@JvXPCreateGradientRect
<TITLE JvXPCreateGradientRect procedure>
Summary
  Creates a bitmap with a gradient color pattern.
Description
  Call JvXPCreateGradientRect to create a gradient bitmap.
Parameters
  AWidth     - Width of gradient.
  AHeight    - Height of gradient.
  StartColor - Start color of gradient.
  EndColor   - End color of gradient.
  Colors     - The number of colors in the gradient.
  Style      - Sets the direction of the gradient.
  Dithered   - Determines if the gradient is dithered or not.
  Bitmap     - The resulting gradient.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@JvXPDrawBoundLines
<TITLE JvXPDrawBoundLines procedure>
Summary
  Draws bounding lines in a specific rect on a specific canvas.
Description
  Call JvXPDrawBoundLines when you need to draw the bounding lines of a control.
Parameters
  ACanvas    - The canvas to draw on.
  BoundLines - The bounding lines to draw.
  AColor     - The color to use for the lines.
  Rect       - The bounding rect to draw in.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@JvXPDrawLine
<TITLE JvXPDrawLine procedure>
Summary
  Draw a line in XP style.
Description
  Use JvXPDrawLine to draw a line in XP style on a canvas.
Parameters
  ACanvas - The canvas to draw on.
  X1      - The horizontal start position of the line.
  Y1      - The vertical start position of the line.
  X2      - The horizontal end position of the line.
  Y2      - The vertical end position of the line.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@JvXPFrame3D
<TITLE JvXPFrame3D procedure>
Summary
  Draws a frame on a canvas.
Description
  Use JvXPFrame3D to draw like Frame3D but using an XP style.
Parameters
  ACanvas     - The canvas to draw on.
  Rect        - The rect to draw in. This is adjusted to the dimensions of the rectangle that lies
                 inside the frame.
  TopColor    - The color for the top and left edges.
  BottomColor - The color for the bottom and right edges.
  Swapped     - Set to true if TopColor and BottomColor should swap places.
See Also
  Frame3D

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@JvXPMethodsEqual
<TITLE JvXPMethodsEqual function>
Summary
  Determines whether two method pointers point to the same method.
Description
  Use JvXPMethodsEqual to determine whether to methods point to the same method implementation.
Parameters
  Method1 - The first method to test.
  Method2 - The second method to test.
Return value
  Returns true if the method pointers point to the same method.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@JvXPPlaceText
<TITLE JvXPPlaceText procedure>
Summary
  Calculates and draws text.
Description
  Use JvXPPlaceText to simplify the drawing of text.
Parameters
  AParent        - The parent of the control being drawn into.
  ACanvas        - The canvas to draw on.
  AText          - The text to draw.
  AFont          - The font to use.
  AEnabled       - Draw text enabled or disabled.
  AShowAccelChar - Draw accelerator characters or not.
  AAlignment     - Alignment of text.
  AWordWrap      - Wordwrapping on/off.
  Rect           - The rect to draw in.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@JvXPRenderText
<TITLE JvXPRenderText procedure>
Summary
  Draws text.
Description
  Use JvXPRenderText to either calculate or draw text.
Parameters
  AParent        - The parent of the control to draw.
  ACanvas        - The canvas to draw on.
  AText          - The text to draw.
  AFont          - The font to use.
  AEnabled       - Draw text enabled or disabled.
  AShowAccelChar - Draw accelerators or not.
  Rect           - The rect to draw in or adjust according to the parameters.
  Flags          - Additional flags to use. These are the same flags as used by DrawText.
                    Specifically, if you include DT_CALCRECT in flags, the Rect is adjusted but nothing
                    is drawn.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@JvXPSetDrawFlags
<TITLE JvXPSetDrawFlags procedure>
Summary
  Adjusts Flags according to the values of the parameters.
Description
  Use JvXPSetDrawFlags as an easy way to set Flags with the alignment and wordwrap values. The
  DT_ENDELLIPSIS value is always included in Flags. Flags can be used in calls to DrawText and <LINK
  JvXPRenderText>.
Parameters
  AAlignment - The alignment to include in Flags
  AWordWrap  - The wordwrap value to include in Flags.
  Flags      - Modified to include the values of AAlignment and AWordWrap.
See Also
  DrawText, <LINK JvXPRenderText>

