@@JvSizeablePanel.pas
Summary
  Contains the TJvSizeablePanel component.
<INCLUDE JVCL.UnitText.dtx>
Author
  Peter Below
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvSizeablePanel
<TITLEIMG TJvSizeablePanel>
JVCLInfo
  GROUP=JVCL.PanelsBevelsAndGroups.Panels
  FLAG=Component
Summary
  Panel that can be resized at run-time.
Description
  TJvSizeablePanel represents a panel that can be resized at run-time.
  
  Use property Constraints to specifies the size constraints for the panel.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvSizeablePanel.MouseDown
Summary
  Responds when the user clicks the panel with the mouse.
Description
  Do not call MouseDown. It is called automatically when the user clicks the sizeable panel with the
  mouse. As implemented in TJvSizeablePanel, MouseDown captures the mouse and changes the mouse 
  cursor image to crSizeNWSE, if the mouse position is in the bottom right corner of the panel.
Parameters
  Button - Determines which mouse button the user pressed. 
  Shift  - Indicates which keys (Shift, Ctrl, and Alt) were down when the user pressed the mouse button.
  X      - Indicates the new x-coordinate of the mouse pointer.
  Y      - Indicates the new y-coordinate of the mouse pointer.
See Also
  MouseMove, MouseUp, Paint
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvSizeablePanel.MouseMove
Summary
  Responds when the user moves the mouse over the sizeable panel.
Description
  Do not call MouseMove. It is called automatically when the user moves the mouse over the sizeable 
  panel, or when the sizeable panel has captured the mouse. As implemented in TJvSizeablePanel, 
  MouseMove resizes the panel if the mouse button is down; or changes the mouse cursor image to
  crSizeNWSE, if the mouse button is up and the mouse position is in the bottom right corner of the 
  panel.
Parameters
  Shift - Indicates which keys (Shift, Ctrl, and Alt) were down when the mouse moved.
  X     - Indicates the new x-coordinate of the mouse pointer.
  Y     - Indicates the new y-coordinate of the mouse pointer.
See Also
  MouseDown, MouseUp, Paint
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvSizeablePanel.MouseUp
Summary
  Responds when the user releases the mouse.
Description
  Do not call MouseUp. It is called automatically when the user releases the mouse. As implemented in 
  TJvSizeablePanel, MouseUp resets the mouse cursor image to the default image, and releases the mouse
  capture.
Parameters
  Button - Determines which mouse button the user pressed. 
  Shift  - Indicates which keys (Shift, Ctrl, and Alt) were down when the user released the mouse button.
  X      - Indicates the new x-coordinate of the mouse pointer.
  Y      - Indicates the new y-coordinate of the mouse pointer.
See Also
  MouseDown, MouseMove, Paint
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TJvSizeablePanel.Paint
Summary
  Renders the image of the sizeable panel.
Description
  Paint is called automatically in response to WM_PAINT messages. TJvSizeablePanel overrides Paint
  in order to render the size grip on the panel.
Parameters
  None.
See Also
  MouseDown, MouseMove, MouseUp
