##Package: TimeFramework
##Status: Completed (peter3)
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@JVCL.Info.TimeFramework.RefreshReconciliation
<GROUP JVCL.Info.TimeFramework>
<TITLE Refresh Reconciliation in the JVCL Time Framework>
  Refresh Reconciliation pushes the responsibility for removing appointments from the local machine
  that have been deleted by another from you to TJvTFScheduleManager.  That is, TJvTFScheduleManager
  will automatically remove appointments that have not been refreshed if TJvTFScheduleManager.RefreshAutoReconcile
  is set to True.  In previous versions, this responsibility was left to you and the implementation was
  relatively convoluted and error prone.  This feature should improve the situation immensly.

  If TJvTFScheduleManager.RefreshAutoReconcile is True, a call to one of the Refresh methods (dbRefreshAppt,
  dbRefreshSched, Appt.Refresh, etc.) will cause TJvTFScheduleManager to set the Refreshed property to False
  for all affected appointment before any of the Refresh events (OnRefreshAppt, OnRefreshSched, etc.) are fired.

  Once inside of one of the Refresh events, you must set the Refreshed property to True for each appointment
  that is refreshed.

  After the Refresh events have been fired, TJvTFScheduleManager will automatically cache (remove from view
  and eventually destroy) all appointments that have their Refreshed property set to False.

Note
  If TJvTFScheduleManager.RefreshAutoReconcile is set to False, the TJvTFAppt.Refreshed property is ignored and
  then no appointments will be automatically cached during the refresh process.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
